Radovan Karadzic , former leader of the breakaway Serb Republic in Bosnia , was sentenced to 40 years in prison after being found responsible for genocide .
The man described by counterterrorism officials as al Qaeda 's `` military brain , '' Ilyas Kashmiri , was killed in a drone strike Friday night in Pakistan , a spokesman for his group , the jihadist Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami , said .
Matthew Hedges , a British academic , has been sentenced to life in prison for spying in the United Arab Emirates , according to a family spokeswoman .
Rachel Maddow teed up a major scoop and then ended up disappointing many in the political-media establishment with a report that was widely characterized as overhyped .
President Donald Trump on Tuesday slammed those behind the Manchester attack as `` evil losers '' and reiterated his call to drive out terrorists .
World Cup is upon us , and there will soon be an uptick in folks skipping work , watching games in the break room and mispronouncing eastern European surnames .
Republican front-runner Donald Trump said Friday that he would not order the U.S. military to violate international laws , a stark reversal .
A photograph believed to show the iceberg that collided with the RMS .	Titanic in 1912 is going up for auction with a note describing red paint seen on it .
Obama in CNN interview says time is nearing for a potentially definitive U.S. response to alleged Syrian atrocities and violent military crackdown in Egypt .
David Attenborough has told world leaders at the COP24 climate conference , in Katowice , Poland , that climate change could lead to collapse of civilizations , and much of the natural world .
Bush fires blazing in Australia 's New South Wales claimed their first victim Friday after a man died of a suspected heart attack defending his home against the blaze on the NSW Central Coast .
Google 's stock hit an all-time high of $ 750.04 in late trading Monday , before pulling back to a record closing price of $ 749.38 .	The new marks topped the previous records set in November 2007 .	Shares of Google ( GOOG ) have
Two women charged with murdering Kim Jong Nam , the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , will remain in custody as their lawyers mount a defense against the prosecution 's claims .
A group of Palestinians set fire overnight to a compound housing Joseph 's Tomb -- a religious site in the West Bank venerated by Jews -- sparking condemnations .
Twenty-two people died Friday when two boats sank in the eastern Aegean Sea , a spokeswoman for the Hellenic Coastguards told CNN .
In the aftermath of Typhoon Haiyan , tons of food have arrived in the Philippines , but many starving people have yet to get a bite of it .
Parents of a 15-year-old Chinese tourist have apologized after the teenager defaced a stone sculpture in an ancient Egyptian Luxor Temple with graffiti .
British police mounted an undercover operation to seize a terror suspect 's cellphone before it could lock and potentially become inaccessible , a source told CNN on Friday .
Fans of K-pop superstar Kim Jong-hyun are expressing their grief at the loss of the 27-year-old singer who died Monday after committing suicide at a studio apartment in the Gangnam district of Seoul .
Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan appealed for calm Thursday in his first comments since he was freed after being abducted by militia gunmen for several hours .
Fans of the adorable golden bear with an insatiable appetite for honey are in for a dose of reality .
The Guardians of Peace , a group of hackers accused of performing the cyberattack on Sony Pictures , mocks the FBI .
Gunmen burst into a home for the elderly in Yemen , handcuffed people , then shot them in the head -- killing 16 in what the Vatican calls `` diabolical violence . ''
The fuselage of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 has been found underwater 17 days after the plane went down , the head of Indonesia 's search and rescue agency says .
German authorities said Friday that asylum seekers were among those accused in sex assaults and muggings in Cologne on New Year 's Eve .
Hamas claimed it captured an Israeli soldier Sunday on the deadliest day yet in the battle between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza .
As of June 1 , bucket list Thailand destination Maya Bay , which appeared in Danny Boyle 's `` The Beach , '' is blocking its shores to visitors as part of a four-month marine rejeuvination program .
After a highly anticipated meeting , Pope Francis appears to have left his mark on President Donald Trump .
A small plane crashed after it was unable to land in a mountainous area of Nepal on Monday , killing 15 of the 21 people on board .
Getting really angry might be more dangerous than you think .	A new study found people who experienced severe anger outbursts were more at risk for cardiovascular events in the two hours following the outbursts compared to those who remained calm .
In dramatic scenes on the third day of his sentencing hearing , Oscar Pistorius walked without his prostheses as his attorney argued he should get a lesser sentence in the murder of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp .
Guatemala 's Fuego volcano eruption killed dozens and left dazed residents covered in ash as they searched for loved ones .
Malaysian officials say new satellite images show 122 objects that could be related to Flight 370 floating in the southern Indian Ocean
British Prime Minister Theresa May announced that Donald Trump is to make a state visit to the UK , as she sought to cement her relationship with the new US President a week after his inauguration .
NASA has chosen the landing site for its next rover mission to Mars : a treacherously rugged 3.6 billion-year-old crater .
The appeal hearing for three members of the punk rock band	Pussy Riot will continue continue next week .
India has launched a rocket it hopes will allow it to join an elite group of space explorers to Mars .
The Dutch government says it wants to help set up an international abortion fund to help families across the world after US President Donald Trump reinstated the so-called Mexico City policy .
At least four people were killed Saturday morning when a magnitude-6.4 earthquake hit Taiwan , the country 's Disaster Response Center says .
The mayor of El Naranjo , Mexico , in the central state of San Luis Potosi was gunned down and killed inside his office Wednesday , officials said .
Former Korean Air Line executive Heather Cho , who was jailed for a fit she threw on a flight over how she was served nuts , walked free Friday
Pope Francis met Monday with 6 victims of sexual abuse by clergy members , acknowledging that the failure of church leaders to act led to greater suffering .
A simple internet search will show that scores of newly-married couples have chosen Ed Sheeran 's ballad `` Thinking Out Loud '' for their first dance .	Now , the British singer-songwriter will get to decide if he wants it to play at his own nuptials .
The Israeli military launched a ground operation into Gaza late Thursday , the government said .
A Sudanese court has overturned the death sentence for teenager Noura Hussein , who killed her husband after he raped her , in a case that has put a spotlight on forced child marriage and marital rape in the African nation .
North Korea has stepped up activity at its main nuclear test site , possibly preparing to carry out a fourth underground blast , South Korea said Tuesday .
Air travelers will be able to fly from Australia to Europe without stopping after Qantas announced the first direct passenger route between the two continents .
Saudi Arabia and allies launched an air campaign Thursday in Yemen targeting Houthi rebels there , an intervention opposed by Iran .
Two U.S. military aircraft jettisoned four bombs near the Great Barrier Reef off the Australian coast last week , the U.S. Navy says .
Two people were found guilty of `` refugee smuggling '' in the drowning case of Syrian toddler Alan Kurdi , the Anadolu news agency reported Friday .
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan has been sentenced to serve five years in prison after being convicted of illegal poaching in a decades-old case , prosecutors said Thursday .
A Kurdish family that fled the Syrian civil war has landed in a bureaucratic purgatory : the Moscow airport .
NASA said Thursday that its Kepler spacecraft has spotted the first nearly Earth-size planet to be found in the habitable zone of a star similar to our own .
Ted Cruz endorsed Donald Trump for the presidency Friday afternoon , a stunning turn of events after a contentious primary filled with nasty personal attacks and a dramatic snub at the Republican National Convention .
ISIS is facing cash and manpower shortages , the deputy commander of the counter-ISIS coalition said Tuesday .
Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad was better than halfway across the strait separating Cuba from the Florida Keys on Sunday afternoon , her support team reported .
An extremely rare , giant soft-shell turtle , whose existence was connected to the country 's folklore , has died in Hanoi , Vietnam 's capital , according to reports .
South Korea has elite troops on standby ready to assassinate Kim Jong Un if the country feels threatened by North Korean nuclear weapons , the country 's defense minister revealed this week .
The king of Saudi Arabia has opened the door to greater participation by women in future municipal elections .
Explosives strapped to a girl detonated at a crowded marketplace in Nigeria , killing at least 20 people and injuring 18 others , according to police .
U.N. experts inspected the site of a reported chemical attack near Syria 's capital Monday as the United States accused Syria of trying to cover up the attack .
Russian President Vladimir Putin calls downing of a Russian warplane near Turkey-Syria border a `` stab in the back '' ; NATO holds emergency meeting .
A Saudi employer cut off an Indian domestic worker 's arm after she complained to police that the employer was mistreating her , the woman 's sister says .
At least nine people were killed Friday in a shooting rampage in a busy shopping district in Munich , Germany .	The suspected gunman killed himself , police said .
After a 10-year chase taking it billions of miles across the solar system , the Rosetta spacecraft is homing in on its close encounter with a comet .
A farmer was crushed to death last year when his Jack Russell dog pushed a lever inside a forklift truck , causing it to drive into him , an inquest has heard .
Even in death , the Chinese government continues to censor Liu Xiaobo .
Tanzanian billionaire Mohammed Dewji , who was seized by gunmen outside a luxury hotel nine days ago , is home safe after his kidnappers freed him , police said .
President Obama says Russia 's plan for Syria to hand over its chemical arsenal to international control could avert American strikes `` if it 's real . ''
French mayors do not have the right to ban burkinis , the French Council of State ruled Friday .
An Israeli civil court ruled Tuesday that American peace activist Rachel Corrie 's death was an accident .	Corrie was crushed by an Israeli army bulldozer in 2003 .
Global tourism accounts for 8 % of total worldwide greenhouse gas emissions , four times more than previously believed , new research says .
Flanked by his family and before Spain 's Parliament , Felipe VI was formally proclaimed the new King of Spain Thursday , following the abdication of his father , Juan Carlos .
The parents who pulled their cancer-stricken son from a British hospital and spurred an international search for the boy have been arrested , police said .
Divers have found the head and legs of Swedish journalist Kim Wall , Danish police said Saturday at a news conference .
Police are searching for a chainsaw-wielding attacker who injured five people , including at least one seriously , in northern Switzerland .
Violent weather in the North Sea killed an oil worker for a Norwegian firm and prompted oil companies to evacuate workers after a barge broke loose in the storm .
A young Malian migrant who rescued a child dangling from a balcony will be made a French citizen and has been offered a job by the Paris fire brigade , the office of the French presidency said .
The father of a young child dramatically rescued from a Paris balcony Saturday was out playing Pokemon Go when the incident happened .
An overactive immune system could be the reason some people develop chronic fatigue syndrome after an infection , researchers say .	The finding can help with diagnoses and treatments for the chronic condition that can leave people bedridden in severe cases .
A North Korean plan to fire four missiles near the US Pacific territory of Guam will be ready to present to leader Kim Jong Un in days , state media reports .
Lego is changing the way it handles big orders after it came under fire for refusing to supply its bricks to Chinese artist Ai Weiwei .
A missing boy died in during religious ritual intended to cast demonic spirits from his body , a New Mexico prosecutor said in a pretrial hearing Monday .
Expensive works of art offered as inducements are at the center of the latest series of damaging allegations around the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , a published report claimed .
As the death toll from the Ebola epidemic soars over 1,000 , a team of medical experts says it 's ethical to offer unproven medications to fight the virus .
Hundreds of dolphins that washed up on Peruvian shores died of natural causes , a government official said in a radio interview Tuesday .
Law enforcement are at an upstate New York site where bloodhounds picked up the scent of what authorities suspect came from escaped killers , sources said .
The unprecedented twin investigations into FIFA have demonstrated that the opaque organization is subject to the law , not above it .	What comes next ?
While the United Nations ' Security Council wrangled over growing tensions in the Korean peninsula , South Korea ordered thousands to find shelter in preparation for the South 's planned live-fire military exercises , which could take place within hours , the military announced .
Oscar Pistorius is in court Monday for the sentencing hearing that will determine if he 's going to prison .
President Francois Hollande after last week 's attacks by ISIS : `` Terrorism will not destroy France , because France will destroy it . ''
Russian President Vladimir Put shrugs off repeated questions about the impact of sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast Q & A session .
New details are emerging about the man sent by Saudi agents into Yemen as a mole who uncovered another al Qaeda bomb plot .
A day after violent protests erupted in the restive city of Daraa , security forces opened fire at protesters in the coastal city of Latakia , witnesses said .
Venezuela 's political turmoil comes to a head on Sunday with a deeply polarizing referendum vote .	Here 's how the South American nation got to this point .
Police in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh are investigating the death of 16-year-old-girl who was allegedly raped and set on fire , in the third such case reported in India this month .
Ten American sailors were being held in Iranian custody after two small U.S. naval craft entered Iranian territorial waters , a U.S. senior defense official said .
Shift workers beware : Sleep loss may cause brain damage , new research says
A Singapore Airlines plane burst into flames Monday after an emergency landing at the city-state 's Changi Airport .
Mountain guides helped 167 climbers to safety after a powerful earthquake stranded them atop one of one of southeast Asia 's tallest peaks , authorities said .
The leader of the Philippines has told a gathering of Filipino expatriates that he killed someone when he was a teenager .
A 25-year-old Scottish boxer has died after being carried out of the ring on a stretcher when his fight was halted in the fifth round .
An FBI agent was arrested in Pakistan this week after he attempted to board a domestic flight between Karachi and Islamabad with ammunition and knives , police said Wednesday .
Some of the last doctors remaining in rebel-held eastern Aleppo have written an open letter to US President Barack Obama , pleading for his help .
Pollution , climate change and other manmade factors have caused the decline of more than 4,000 species since 1970 , the World Wildlife Fund says .
Over two days , 3,500 migrants have tried to cross the Channel Tunnel between France and the UK , resulting in a death and clogging traffic , officials say .
An American man detained in North Korea since last November has been sentenced to 15 years of hard labor , North Korean state news reported Thursday .
One of Japan 's biggest television stations has canceled a performance of the massively popular K-pop group BTS amid allegations that one of the band members wore a shirt that appears to show the atomic bombing of Nagasaki .
Thai police arrested a suspect in the bombing that killed 20 people and wounded scores more at a shrine in Bangkok this month , authorities said Saturday .
Dozens of people have died as a result of Fuego 's fury and many more are missing , including Ovidio García Suárez 's wife .
Authorities in India have decided to hold off retrieving the body of the American national feared killed on North Sentinel Island amid concerns about a possible confrontation with the tribe that lives there .
North Korean scientists have invented revolutionary alcohol that wo n't give you a hangover -- or so they claim .
Nineteen people were killed when a double-decker bus crashed Saturday in the Tai Po area of Hong Kong , according to Hong Kong police .
Native to a remote part of China , this tiny mammal , known as the Ili pika , does n't know it 's a member of an endangered species and neither do most people .
New information from the Thai government bolsters the belief that missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 took a sharp westward turn after communication was lost .
Sea Shepherd , the environmental group famous for tracking , exposing and occasionally ramming Japanese whalers , says it can no longer compete with them on the high seas .
Theresa May became the 76th prime minister of the United Kingdom Wednesday .	But despite over two decades in politics , May is largely unknown on the other side of the Atlantic .
Two Romanian hackers infiltrated nearly two-thirds of the outdoor surveillance cameras in Washington , DC , as part of an extortion scheme , according to federal court documents .
Sydney endured its hottest temperature in nearly 80 years on Sunday , Australian meteorologists say .
Newly distributed ISIS release appears to show the decapitated body of Japanese journalist Kenji Goto .
By turning to Emmanuel Macron as its new president , France has elevated a charismatic new leader in the great political battle between globalism and nationalism that is underway in Western democracies .
ISIS rounded up and killed 284 men and boys as Iraqi-led coalition forces closed in on Mosul , the terror group 's last major stronghold in Iraq .
The US military defends the decision to drop its most powerful non-nuclear bomb on ISIS positions in Afghanistan .
US President Donald Trump 's planned state visit to the UK was n't mentioned in the Queen 's Speech , prompting new doubts over whether the trip will happen at all .
Behind the move of Brazilian soccer star Neymar to Paris St. Germain is Qatari cash and the country 's desire for status .
A massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in the small Texas town of West left at least two people dead , sent dozens more seeking medical attention and prompted a widescale evacuation in the community of 2,600 people .
The bodies of three Israeli teenagers who authorities said were kidnapped this month have been found in the West Bank , a spokesman said .
Mount Everest 's summit will once again remain elusive for Nobukazu Kuriki , the tenacious Japanese climber who was nearly a month into his fifth attempt to scale the world 's highest mountain when perilous conditions on Saturday forced him to abandon his latest quest .
An explosion hit military vehicles at an intersection in the Turkish capital of Ankara on Wednesday evening , killing more than 25 , officials said .
New Zealand 's new opposition leader said it was `` unacceptable '' for a professional woman to be questioned on her plans for children , hours after she faced exactly those queries .
When Amina Ali Nkeki was kidnapped by the Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram more than two years ago , she was a mere schoolgirl .
German authorities are searching for the person who plowed a tractor-trailer truck into a crowd at a Berlin Christmas market , even as ISIS claimed Tuesday that it inspired the attack .
President Donald Trump said Tuesday that new images indicate North Korea has begun dismantling `` a key missile site '' -- a step he says was promised by dictator Kim Jong Un after the two leaders met in Singapore last month .
Mexico 's ambassador to the UK has demanded a public apology from the BBC 's flagship motoring show `` Top Gear '' after it characterized Mexicans as feckless and lazy .
Rescuers pull out a woman who had given birth in the debris of a collapsed Bangladeshi building
A couple in Russia are alleged to have murdered as many as 30 people since 1999 and consumed parts of the bodies , Russian media reported Monday .
Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan has cleared more than $ 560,000 worth of debt owed by farmers , amid a wider agricultural crisis that has forced many rural workers into extreme poverty .
An 11-year-old girl on a school trip died after she fell from a water ride at a UK theme park , local police have confirmed .
Dutch and Australian experts trying to reach Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 's crash site in Ukraine turned back again due to heavy fighting .
The rain turned sideways Thursday , rivers swelled and floodwaters began to fill streets , as massive Hurricane Florence trudged toward North Carolina .
As fighting continued Friday in much of Libya , regional organizations underscored the need to plan carefully and move quickly to speed the transition from crisis to democracy .
Manuel Noriega , the former Panamanian dictator and convicted drug trafficker who was once one of Central America 's most notorious military strongmen , has died , according to a tweet by Panama 's President Juan Carlos Varela on his verified Twitter account .
South Africa 's ruling African National Congress announced it had demanded the resignation of President Jacob Zuma -- but that he was refusing to go .
Another day of searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ends without any trace of the plane , Australian officials say .
Sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom .	But chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze 's ideas from the loo were a little too good .
`` Abundant evidence '' shows crimes against humanity have been committed in North Korea , a U.N. panel says .
President Donald Trump walked out of an executive order signing ceremony Friday -- without actually signing the orders .
Tech billionaire Elon Musk is sending specialist engineers to Thailand to help aid the rescue of the 12 boys and their football coach trapped in a cave .
Vitamin D supplements do not improve bone mineral density or prevent fractures or falls in adults , finds a large study , advising health professionals to stop recommending the supplements to most patients .
After Pippa Middleton 's iCloud account was reportedly hacked , with photos of Kate Middleton and her children reportedly offered for sale , police make an arrest .
At least 56 people are dead and dozens missing after a fire at a shopping center in the Siberian city of Kemerovo on Sunday , a spokesman for the firefighting agency told Russian state media .
At least 30 people are presumed dead after rescuers found them showing no signs of life on a Japanese volcano that started erupting a day earlier .
An autopsy on the body of pop star George Michael proved inconclusive and further tests will be carried out , UK police say ..
The headmistress of the Indian school that authorities say served toxic lunches , killing 23 students , was arrested Wednesday , police said .
Efforts to find missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 focuses beneath ocean 's surface as Australian authorities send a submersible diving toward the sea floor .
Nine mountain climbers were killed and 12 injured in an avalanche in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps on Thursday , police said .
Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf stands to forfeit about $ 41 million worth of equity rewards as punishment for the company 's massive fraud scandal .
President Rodrigo Duterte is not backing down from discussions regarding his controversial statements about God
A rare handwritten poem by Anne Frank -- known to millions through the diary she kept while in hiding during the Nazi round-up of Jews -- sells for 140,000 euros .
The magnitude of the Ebola crisis in West Africa is `` vastly ' underestimated , the World Health Organization said , as the death toll rose to more than 1,000 .
In what appears to be a government purge of the country 's police , 350 officers were removed from their positions in the Turkish capital of Ankara on Tuesday .
The White House struggled Tuesday to answer an avalanche of questions over national security adviser Michael Flynn 's resignation .
A millionaire British businessman accused of hiring hit men to kill his wife during their honeymoon in South Africa pleaded not guilty at his trial Monday .
Ferguson , Missouri , leaders issue a plea for calm , promising to raise money to equip police officers with dash and vest cams , among other things .
Johnny Depp 's dogs are on a deportation countdown after the actor violated Australia 's famously strict biosecurity laws .
The man who killed a police commander and a woman in Magnanville , France , threatened the Euro 2016 soccer championship in a Facebook video , a police source told CNN .
Average life expectancy at birth will increase globally by 2030 , according to a new study , with South Korea projected to lead the way as the first to exceed 90 years .
One of the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria in 2014 was found Saturday by the Nigerian army , the army said .
Taliban militants attacked a hotel near Kabul on Friday and seized dozens of hostages , sparking a gunbattle with Afghan and NATO troops that left 26 people dead .
The clothing factory fire that killed more than 100 workers in Bangladesh over the weekend was no accident , the country 's prime minister said .
A crippling Internet shutdown is entering a third week in the English-speaking region of Cameroon .
A Pakistan government minister has offered $ 100,000 for the death of the man who made the hugely controversial anti-Islam film .
For the first 11 minutes of his rally here on Wednesday , Donald Trump sounded like the candidate his campaign advisers and top Republican Party officials wish he would be more often .
The perpetrators of the terror attacks in Barcelona and Cambrils originally planned to use explosive devices to wreak greater devastation but were apparently thwarted because their materials detonated prematurely , police said Friday .
Tonight 's caucuses offer the first real test of Donald Trump 's ability to transform the attention surrounding his candidacy into lasting electoral success .
British Airways canceled all Saturday flights from London 's two biggest airports after a major IT failure disrupted operations worldwide , the airline said .
The head of the powerful International Monetary Fund arrived Monday at New York 's Rikers Island jail complex , dispatched there after a judge denied him bail for allegedly chasing and sexually assaulting a hotel employee .
Five men were attacked with acid in London , with one man suffering life-changing facial injuries in what police on Friday were treating as linked assaults .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry accuses Russia of making up reasons for intervention in Ukraine .
Amid mounting international pressure , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan spoke about his government 's efforts to rescue more than 200 abducted schoolgirls .
It 's called the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .	But any real notions of democracy end with the name .
Uncertainties about Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 are too much for relatives of the 239 people aboard the plane .
A Chinese patrol ship in the southern Indian Ocean discovered Saturday a pulse signal with a frequency of 37.5 kHz , state news agency Xinhua reported .
U.S. stocks , European markets and the British pound came under heavy pressure again Monday following the U.K. 's historic vote to leave the European Union .
Typhoon Haiyan has created a potential medical disaster for the Philippines , according to emergency crews .
Canadian police have arrested the fourth and final suspect suspected in a dramatic , airborne prison escape .
Lawmakers rejected legislation on Thursday that would have required the Federal Aviation Administration to set a minimum seat size and distance between seat rows on airplanes .
Survivors of a deadly airstrike in Syria have described chemical bombs being dropped from planes , in accounts that directly contradicted the Assad regime 's version of a dawn attack that drew condemnation around the world .
Thousands protesting Donald Trump 's victory in the presidential election took to the streets for a third night of demonstrations and vigils in several US cities .
The telephone Adolf Hitler used to issue commands during the last years of World War II	has been sold at auction in the United States for $ 243,000 .
North Carolina files a lawsuit against the U.S. Justice Department to defend House Bill 2 , the so-called bathroom bill .
The defense in the Oscar Pistorius murder case rested Tuesday , with closing arguments set for Aug. 7 .
Former NASA astronaut Buzz Aldrin has posted a photo of himself from England 's Stonehenge monument calling for the United States to pursue a Mars mission .
Ten people were killed when a gunman opened fire at Oregon 's Umpqua Community College on Thursday , forcing the nation to face yet another mass shooting .
Families are nervously awaiting news of 12 missing boys and their soccer coach Tuesday as rescuers search a partially flooded cave complex in northern Thailand where the group is thought to have been trapped since the weekend .
At least one person has died and five have been injured as Moscow endures its heaviest snowfall in more than 60 years .
Author Hilary Mantel has become the first woman to win the Man Booker Prize for the second time .
Perth Zoo has bid a tearful goodbye to Puan , dubbed the `` grand old lady '' of Sumatran orangutans , who died Monday .
Electric shock guns , spiked metal batons and leg and neck shackles .
When Al-Shabaab militants ambushed a bus in Kenya and ordered the Muslims to separate themselves from Christians , the passengers refused .
George Clooney has been released from an Italian hospital after being involved in a motor accident Tuesday .
A ten-year old rape victim who was denied an abortion has given birth in northern India .
Donald Trump finally admitted Friday that `` President Barack Obama was born in the United States , '' reversing himself on the issue that propelled him into national politics five years ago .
India recorded its highest ever temperature on Thursday when the heat in the town of Phalodi shot up to a burning 51 degrees Celsius ( 123.8 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
A crane collapsed Friday at one Islam 's most important mosques -- Mecca 's Grand Mosque -- killing 107 and injuring 238 others , Saudi Arabian authorities said .
The noodles were not just tasty .	They were addictive .
Two women will be charged with the murder of the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , officials in Malaysia said .
The CDC reported more than 100 measles cases across 21 states and DC on Wednesday .
Russia launched a naval bombardment Wednesday of ISIS targets in Syria , a senior Russian official said , ramping up a newly muscular presence in the Middle East .
Pope Francis said Sunday that Christians should apologize to gays and lesbians , remarks that quickly have been hailed as historic .
President Barack Obama is marching Israelis to `` the door of the oven '' by agreeing to the Iran nuclear deal , Mike Huckabee said Sunday .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is expected to call US President Donald Trump on Tuesday following a rare meeting with Syrian dictator Bashar Assad to discuss the future of Syria , a statement from the Kremlin said .
A painting by British artist David Hockney , `` Portrait of an Artist ( Pool with Two Figures ) , '' is poised to smash the auction record for a work by living artist .
A diver searching the sunken Sewol ferry died Tuesday , according to South Korea 's Government Rescue Headquarters .
Melania Trump has filed a $ 150 million lawsuit against The Daily Mail and Tarpley , a U.S.-based blog , claiming that the two outlets made false and defamatory statements about her involvement in an escort service .
Gun-rights activists have reached a settlement with the government that will allow them to post 3-D printable gun plans online starting August 1 .
What happened in Paris was an attack of unprecendented scale .	It left many victims and led the French President to declare war on ISIS , which claimed responsibilty .
Hua Hin , Phuket and Surat Thani were hit by at least eleven explosions in the span of less than 24 hours , according to police officials in Thailand .
Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes has been indicted on federal wire fraud charges , the office of the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California announced Friday .
Police have begun searching a Sydney home for the remains of Lynette Dawson , a mother of two whose disappearance 36 years ago became the subject of a popular true crime podcast .
A female journalist reporting at the World Cup in Russia was sexually assaulted live on air and later posted video of the incident on social media .
Those who possess illegally downloaded of music or films in Japan can face prison term of up to two years and fines of nearly 2 million yen ( U.S. $ 25,679 ) , according to a new law which takes effect Monday .
The suspect in Friday 's knife attack at Amsterdam 's central railway station had a `` terrorist motive '' and is believed to have acted alone , police in the Netherlands said Saturday .
Protest leaders canceled plans Wednesday to meet with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in fury over the violence that dispersed a huge demonstration .
As Japan prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of WWII , one of its largest corporations has given a long-awaited apology for wartime atrocities .
The Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden offered a contrite explanation for why a 17-year-old gorilla was shot to death Saturday .	Many are not buying it .
Smoking deaths in China are set to triple to 3 million a year by 2050 , according to a new study that examines the toll of rising smoking rates .
Is Russia really targeting ISIS with airstrikes in Syria ?	Or is it doing something the U.S. considers more troubling ?
An underfed but overly cute sea lion cub is getting a lot of TLC after it waddled into an empty upscale California restaurant without a reservation .
European migrant crisis shows no sign of abating as countries debate actions .	Meanwhile , in Hungary , refugees tussle with police blocking road to transit camp .
The Syrian city of Khan Sheikhoun , the site of Tuesday 's chemical attack , also was hit by airstrikes on Friday and Saturday , according to two activists in the city and regional activist groups .
At least 22 children have died after eating eating free school lunches in Bihar state in northeastern India
In the search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , six bodies have been found so far , officials say .
One of Michael Jackson 's most spectacular dance moves is not biomechanically feasible without the special prop he invented , say neurosurgeons .
A 14-year-old American citizen has been found guilty in a Mexican court of torturing and beheading at least four people and kidnapping three others .
Tensions in the Middle East increased with the Turkish President accusing Russia of deceit and Russia announcing it would deploy anti-aircraft missiles to Syria .
Want to launch a nuclear missile ?	You 'll need a floppy disk .
President Donald Trump lavished praise on the health care system of Nambia during a speech at the United Nations .	But there 's one little problem -- there 's no such country .
From tariffs to tanking tech stocks , Wall Street is bouncing between a long list of fears right now .	Add a new concern to the tally : a flattening yield curve .
Presidential candidate Donald Trump is heard on tape discussing with his attorney Michael Cohen how they would buy the rights to a Playboy model 's story about an alleged affair Trump had with her years earlier , according to the audio recording of the conversation aired exclusively on CNN 's `` Cuomo Prime Time . ''
An iron gate matching the description of the infamous gate stolen from Dachau concentration camp has been recovered by police in the Norwegian city of Bergen .
A series of small bombs went off in and around a world-famous Buddhist temple in eastern India Sunday , injuring two people , authorities said .
Russia 's upper house of parliament voted Saturday to approve the sending of Russian military forces into Ukraine , amid mounting tensions in the Crimea region .
This British grandmother just wanted a Google answer
NATO 's top military commander expressed concern Sunday about the buildup of Russian forces on Ukraine 's border .
Daniel Holtzclaw , the ex-Oklahoma City cop convicted on rape charges after he preyed on African-American women , was sentenced Thursday to 263 years in prison .
Saudi Arabia is starting to ease restrictions barring women spectators from sports stadiums .
White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller brushed aside a reference to the famous poem inscribed on the Statue of Liberty at Wednesday 's White House press briefing , noting that it was added after the monument was erected in the US .
Seven climbers fell to their deaths in two separate incidents in the Alps on Sunday , officials said .
Nudists in Paris will soon be able to shed their clothes without fear of arrest .	The French capital has approved plans for a park for naked people .
Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych said Friday in Russia he was not overthrown , but was forced to flee Ukraine under threat to his life .
A drone apparently slammed into a British Airways plane heading for London Heathrow Airport , officials said .
In some cars , a blockage sometimes caused by spiderwebs could lead to a short circuit in an airbag module .
A political clash over the legitimacy of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's next term loomed as it was confirmed that he ca n't attend his scheduled inauguration .
Two valuable paintings by the French artists Paul Gauguin and Pierre Bonnard , stolen in London in 1970 then abandoned on a train , have been recovered in Italy .
Two men tried to ram the main gate of the NSA at Fort Meade , a federal law enforcement official said .	One was shot dead , another wounded , the official said .
A Saudi court has sentenced a blogger to seven years in jail and 600 lashes for violating anti-cybercrime law
US President Donald Trump 's ex-campaign chair Paul Manafort is facing fresh allegations over his links to former pro-Russian Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych .
There was bloodshed at a Gaza hospital and a refugee camp , and Gaza 's Health Ministry said eight children were killed in the camp strike .
A mighty 8.2-magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of northern Chile late Tuesday , triggering small landslides , cutting power and generating a tsunami .
Colombian authorities say raids in recent days have netted the largest cocaine seizure in the country 's history , targeting the Clan Úsuga drug gang .
President Donald Trump faced criticism from lawmakers in both parties on Tuesday after warning that North Korea would `` face fire and fury like the world has never seen '' if Pyongyang keeps threatening the United States .
Egypt 's Presidential Election Commission has delayed , from Thursday until a date to be announced , the release of the results of Egypt 's presidential election .
Hours after a cease-fire was declared Wednesday in Israel 's conflict with Gaza , it appeared to be holding , an Israeli official said .
A group of Eastern European men have been charged with running a multimillion-dollar scam through sites including eBay and Cars.com , prosecutors said Thursday .
A United States Secret Service agent died after suffering a stroke while supporting President Donald Trump 's trip to Scotland over the weekend , the Secret Service said Wednesday .
Like many of us , Ben Gwynne was out last weekend to capture the supermoon in all its glory when he happened upon this amazing visual .
After serving 10 months for shooting his girlfriend to death , paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius will be freed from prison this week .
Hours after telling reporters they would be allowed to cover President Donald Trump 's first re-election fundraiser in Washington on Wednesday , the White House abruptly switched course , closing the event to media in a break from past precedent .
Please do n't kill the messenger -- or send a Mexican demon our way .
When Guy Scott takes the reins in Zambia , he 'll become the first white African President in sub-Saharan Africa since apartheid .
A mother forced to drown her own baby and a prison camp inmate compelled to eat rodents and lizards just to survive -- these are some of the horrific experiences documented by a United Nations inquiry into human rights violations in North Korea .
The intense manhunt for the two brothers wanted for the Charlie Hebdo magazine massacre focused Thursday on northern France 's Picardy region .
Hours after his boss , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , was ousted Steve Goldstein , the undersecretary of public affairs at the State Department , has been fired by the White House .
CNN\ 's Security Clearance examines national and global security , terrorism and intelligence , as well as the economic , military , political and diplomatic effects of it around the globe -- and how it impacts daily life .
Armyworm moths , in their caterpillar stage , are laying waste to vast tracts of farmland in Zambia , Zimbabwe and Malawi .
The Chinese government has pledged to protect a HIV-positive boy who was shunned by his entire village in Sichuan province , state media reported .
Queen Elizabeth achieves another milestone as she becomes Britain 's first sovereign to celebrate her 90th birthday .
There 's been a sharp spike in radiation levels measured in the pipes and containers holding water at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan .
A new 15-year study has found that women who had their tonsils or appendix removed are more likely to get pregnant , and sooner , than the rest of the population .
As strikes continued and Israeli finalized its plans for a ground invasion , diplomatic efforts intensified to try to minimize the bloodshed .
The Senate Intelligence Committee will examine the FBI 's handling of Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev .
At least 37 people have died and more than 70 were injured in a hospital blaze in South Korea 's southeastern city of Miryang Friday , according to local authorities .
Attempts to purge Muslims from parts of the Central African Republic have prompted `` a Muslim exodus of historic proportions , '' Amnesty International says .
The man accused of killing 77 people in Norway last summer said Monday that he had committed the acts but said he was not guilty .
Lightning struck a power grid near one of Google 's data centers four times successively , causing permanent data loss in local servers .
A woman whose husband is a jailed state banker in Azerbaijan has lost a court fight to avoid being named as she seeks to explain how she paid for two properties worth £22 million ( $ 29 million ) in total , Britain 's Press Association reported Wednesday .
Marine Le Pen 's bid to become the next French president has hit another stumble after members of the European Parliament voted to lift her immunity from prosecution .
Philippines citizens may need to start exercising their vocal chords .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Tuesday he was discontinuing India 's two largest rupee notes in a shocking move against corruption .
Lutz Bachmann , an organizer of anti-Islamization rallies in Germany , resigns after a newspaper publishes a months-old selfie of him posing as Adolf Hitler .
Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Tuesday that he 's grateful to President Donald Trump for showing `` the true face of the US . ''
The Peace Corps said 340 of its volunteers in 3 west Africa nations will be removed due to the Ebola threat .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Iraqi leaders Monday as radical Sunni militants continue their march toward Baghdad .
Nike dropped its endorsement of boxer Manny Pacquiao after he made comments saying gay people were `` worse than animals . ''
Playboy magazine , known for its centerfolds , intends to eliminate nude photography from its pages .
Turkey 's currency dropped again Monday as the country wrestled with a crisis that has rattled markets around the world .
As Thailand 's army declares a coup , the country 's battered tourism industry looks ahead to recovery .
Pope Francis has unleashed a blistering critique of the Vatican bureaucracy -- or Curia -- criticizing its `` illnesses '' ranging from the `` disease of feeling immortal '' to vainglory and excessive planning .
A stampede at one of the last rituals of the Hajj , the annual Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca , kills more than 700 people and injures hundreds in Saudi Arabia .
The silver lining ( pun intended ) is that this may aid drug development to prevent or delay hair graying .
Gunmaker Smith & Wesson on Friday reported a 32 % increase in its gun sales this year .
Nivea has apologized after running an ad that was branded as racist and insensitive .
An ISIS fighter has executed his own mother before a public audience in Raqqa , an expat Syrian rights group said .
So , North Korea 's Internet went down .	What is it like anyway ?	There are PlayStations , XBoxes and a MacBook .
One bomb dropped on a center for the disabled .	Another wiped out 18 members of the same family .
Amazon is planning to hire 70,000 workers to help out for the holiday season .
Nearly two years after his extradition from Mexico , notorious cartel boss Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman Loera faces an American jury on Tuesday in the most significant criminal trial in decades .
New Zealand 's meningococcal B vaccine provided some protection against gonorrhea ; the research could lead to a new vaccine specifically targeting the STD .
Vogue Brazil is under fire for photoshopping images of able-bodied models to make them look like amputees for a Paralympics campaign .
Australian actress Rebel Wilson has been awarded $ 3.6 million ( $ 4.5 million Australian ) by an Australian court after it found a popular magazine guilty of defamation .
Maybe cancer is n't so modern after all .	A new discovery suggests the disease is more than a million years old .
Russia 's annexation of the Crimea was hailed by President Vladimir Putin 's supporters Tuesday but bitterly condemned in Ukraine and the West .
Of all the wealth created last year , 82 % went to the richest 1 % , according to a new report from Oxfam International .
John Allen Chau was an adventurer who hiked in North Cascades National Park in the Pacific Northwest , traveled to Israel and went on mission trips to South Africa .	But he was always drawn to North Sentinel Island off the coast of India , and the people there .
Republican Sens . John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina broke the GOP silence on Capitol Hill on Sunday to issue a scathing condemnation of President Donald Trump 's ban on travel to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries .
More than 60 are dead after floods struck northern Pakistan and India , washing away a mosque during Ramadan prayers , authorities told CNN Sunday .
Gruesome images shown at his murder trial Thursday were too much for Oscar Pistorius to take .	He vomited .
New information from the Thai government bolsters the belief that missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 took a sharp westward turn after communication was lost .
The Ethiopian government on Sunday declared a six-month nationwide state of emergency following months of anti-government protests .
Hackers are threatening to release more sensitive data from last month 's massive cyber break-in of Sony Pictures .
The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal last weekend is expected to climb `` much higher , '' a Nepali government minister said Sunday .
A 10-year-old girl in Bangladesh is being treated for the extremely rare `` tree man syndrome , '' after developing tree-like warts on her skin .
Australia will introduce tough new laws in an attempt to crack down on child sex tourism in what the government has described as a `` world first . ''
Moscow has deployed a cruise missile in an apparent treaty violation , a senior military official told CNN Tuesday .
The library tweeted : `` President Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI . ''
Jupiter ’ s smallest Galilean moon , Europa	, not only has a massive global ocean , it has huge lakes beneath its icy crust , according to new research .	NASA has been very confident for about a decade that there is a huge ocean on Europa , according to NASA program scientist Curt Niebur .
The half-brother of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un was carrying an antidote to the poison which killed him at the time of his death , Malaysian state media reported .
President-elect Donald Trump appeared open Friday to compromising on his oft-repeated pledge to repeal and replace Obamacare -- citing a conversation with none other than President Barack Obama himself .
President Donald Trump has begun carrying out his campaign pledges to undo America 's trade ties -- starting Monday with executive action to pull the United States out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership .
The Spanish government said Thursday it would begin the process to impose direct rule on Catalonia in an unprecedented move to crush the region 's independence bid .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Iraqi leaders Monday as radical Sunni militants continue their march toward Baghdad .
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff could be forced out of office , at least temporarily , if senators vote to begin impeachment proceedings against her .
Josie Harris , the mother of three of boxer Floyd Mayweather 's children , files a defamation lawsuit against him , claiming he lied in a recent interview .
Pro-Russian separatists holding a European military observer team in eastern Ukraine released one of the observers for medical reasons Sunday .
A planned monthlong protest intended to force Thailand 's Prime Minister from office began Monday
Elevated hopes that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 might soon be found were tempered when a search agency said the latest signal probably is n't from the plane .
UK lawmakers approved Tuesday the second reading of a bill legalizing same-sex marriage .
Syria 's president on Sunday accused the United States of trying to destabilize Syria by providing political support to rebels fighting the regime .
Rescuers have saved an Indian yachtsman hit by a storm that left him badly injured with his boat drifting at sea for more than two days in rough conditions .
Foued Mohamed-Aggad was identified Wednesday as the third man who attacked the Bataclan theater in Paris .	His father told reporters he would have killed his son .
A man in an Afghan uniform killed three U.S. troops Friday in Afghanistan , a day after the United States condemned an attack that left four Americans dead .
Italian authorities have launched an investigation into the cause of death of 26 teenage girls whose bodies were recovered in the Mediterranean Sea on Sunday .
Thais reacted with relief and jubilation after rescue teams reported that they 'd found all 12 boys and their soccer coach alive in a cave in Thailand nine days after the group went missing .
Syria 's president says he 'll welcome the return of U.N. investigators to his country .
Witnesses report heavy gunfire and that police are blocking roads in the northern Paris suburb of Saint-Denis early Wednesday .
Two students , a principal and teacher who were among dozens kidnapped by gunmen from their boarding school in Cameroon Monday are still missing
Latest developments in the United Kingdom 's royal baby watch .
South Korea 's military announced Monday it has turned off loudspeakers that blast propaganda across the highly militarized border with North Korea , in an apparent gesture of goodwill ahead of Friday 's historic summit between the two nations ' leaders .
Costa Concordia was floating again Monday as salvage crews will search for the remains of the last shipwreck victim .
Preliminary results in Sunday 's referendum on whether Ukraine 's Crimea region should join Russia or become an independent state show support for Russia .
An Indian guru at the center of clashes between his supporters and police was arrested Wednesday , an official says .
Injuries were reported after gunmen in camouflage stormed and seized a police building in the eastern Ukraine town of Slaviansk Saturday morning , officials said .
A judge has found Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide , the South African term for unintentionally , but unlawfully , killing a person .
Authorities have spotted two objects in Indian Ocean that are possibly related to the search for missing plane
After the bagpiper led 2,500 mourners out of the high school but before Otto Warmbier was laid to rest Thursday , one of his former counselors stopped to remember the 22-year-old who died last week after 17 months of detention in North Korea .
Carlos Ghosn has been arrested .	His fate is now in the hands of Japanese prosecutors and the directors of three of the world 's top car companies .
Phil Rudd , drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC , has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in a New Zealand court .
The Nigerian army has located another missing Chibok girl during an operation to arrest suspected Boko Haram terrorists , it said Thursday .
A spate of sexual assaults allegedly by Middle Eastern and North African men on New Year 's Eve in Cologne has sparked a political firestorm in Germany .
Six members of a Japanese doomsday cult held responsible for the deaths of dozens of people have been executed , according to Japan 's justice minister .
As the death toll from Syria 's almost year-long uprising continues to climb , Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem vowed to defend his country 's `` independence . ''
Aung San Suu Kyi is to be stripped of the Freedom of Oxford by the city 's council for her response to the Rohingya crisis .
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has agreed to direct talks with the vice president he recently fired , the country 's military chief said Monday .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer flatly denied Friday that the White House apologized to the British government after citing an uncorroborated Fox News report to allege that a UK intelligence agency spied on President Donald Trump at the behest of former President Barack Obama .
Mohamed Bouhlel , who used a 20-ton truck to plow down hundreds of people in Nice this week , was rapidly radicalized , French officials say .
Eight people were arrested Tuesday in the Brazilian state of Parana , all suspects in the explosive heist of an armored car company in Ciudad del Este , Paraguay .
Mexican state and federal authorities have taken control of Acapulco 's police after a recent spike in homicides sparked suspicions that criminal groups had infiltrated the department , a joint force said in a statement .
A man wielding a sword killed two people and wounded two others at a school in Trollhattan , Sweden , before police killed him , authorities said .
One of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's top officials is traveling to the United States as the two countries lay the groundwork for on-again , off-again talks .
For the first time , a baby has been born to a woman who received a uterus transplant from a deceased donor , a case study reveals .	Both mother and child , now nearly 1 year old , are healthy .
Twitter is taking down accounts sharing images showing the murder of U.S. journalist James Foley by Islamic militants .
American college student Otto Frederick Warmbier has been arrested in North Korea , according to state media .
Police in Mexico City have detained three people in the mysterious disappearance of 12 people from a nightclub , the city 's attorney general said .
The White House said that there are `` potential preparations for another chemical weapons attack '' by the Syrian regime and warned the country 's president .
Protesters joined the Women 's March on Washington and sister marches across the US and around the world a day after President Donald Trump 's inauguration .
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on Thursday canceled a meeting with US President Donald Trump that had been set for Tuesday after renewed tensions over Trump 's plan to build a wall on the border .
President Donald Trump delayed a decision on withdrawing from the landmark Paris climate accord amid disagreements about the nature of the pact , the White House said Tuesday .
Teams searching for missing aircraft Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have very likely been looking in the wrong place , a new Australian government report confirmed .
England 's health agency is investigating the case of UK man infected with a type of gonorrhea that is `` very resistant to the recommended first line treatment . ''
British Prime Minister David Cameron called it `` more likely than not '' that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula .
Republican presidential candidates sought to cement -- or improve -- their standings in a debate Tuesday night that comes less than two months before the first votes of the election season are cast .
Illegal Southwest border crossings were down 40 % last month , according to just released Customs and Border Protection numbers -- a sign that President Donald Trump 's hardline rhetoric and policies on immigration may be having a deterrent effect .
In the search for missing AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , helicopter crews spotted smoke rising from an island .	Is it linked to the missing plane ?
ISIS has confirmed the death of `` Jihadi John '' -- aka Mohammed Emwazi , aka Abu Muharib al-Muhajir -- in the latest issue of its Dabiq magazine .
Australian PM warns against restricting the sale of Vegemite in remote indigenous communities amid reports it 's being used to make moonshine .
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has sparked outrage after kissing a woman on the lips during a meet and greet event in South Korea .
Emotional tributes to members of a junior hockey team killed or injured in a bus crash in Canada have gained huge traction on social media .
Online photo archive Getty Images is opening much of its trove of millions of images to online publishers for free .
A penguin colony in Antarctica suffered a massive breeding failure , with only two chicks surviving the disaster described as `` Tarantino does Happy Feet . ''
A jury on Wednesday sentenced Eric Frein to death for killing a Pennsylvania state trooper and wounding another in a 2014 ambush .
A Pakistani judge on Friday granted bail to Rimsha , a 14-year-old Christian girl detained over accusations she burned pages of the Quran .
The global war on drugs is failing , new research suggests , as the price of heroin , cocaine and cannabis has fallen while their purity has increased .
Nine South African officers appeared in court Friday to face murder charges in the dragging death of a man handcuffed to the back of a police van last month .
Former Hurricane Ophelia hit Ireland 's west coast as a post-tropical storm on Monday , bringing with it strong winds , heavy rain , and the threat of storm surge and flooding .
The West African country of Senegal has confirmed its first Ebola case one week after closing its borders with Guinea .
Panamanian authorities seized a North Korean-flagged vessel with undeclared military equipment in the Panamanian port of Manzanillo on Monday night .
As many as one in five women experience postpartum depression or anxiety .	With the help of an iPhone app , researchers hope to predict who might suffer from them .
Russia 's Foreign Ministry warned Kiev that use of force in Ukraine 's eastern region could lead to civil war , after pro-Moscow uprisings in three cities there .
Their mothers came down with a deadly insomnia .	Did they inherit it ?
The shadow of the moon swept across the globe from Hong Kong to the Texas Panhandle as a rare annular solar eclipse began Monday morning in Asia .
American aid worker and former soldier Peter Kassig was beheaded by ISIS terrorists , the White House confirmed Sunday .
The `` Big Maple Leaf '' was taken from the Bode Museum in Berlin .
A giant sinkhole that was hastily repaired in Japan earlier this month is showing signs of movement .
Sixty-three women and girls kidnapped by Boko Haram last month in Nigeria escaped from their captors and have returned to their burnt village
A high-altitude avalanche Friday killed 12 Sherpa guides in the deadliest single-day accident on Mount Everest .
Olympic swimmer Fu Yuanhui has cemented her unexpected stardom by breaking another record -- not in a pool in Rio , but in Chinese cyberspace .
President Obama said the U.S. '' should take military action against Syrian targets '' over alleged chemical weapons use , but he 'll seek congressional authorization .
The Interior Department moved this week to end an Obama administration ban on hunting bears in Alaska with bait , artificial light and dogs , along with other hunting practices in the state .
The Austrian government has announced plans to ban the full-face Islamic veil in public , part of a raft of measures to contain the rise of the far-right Freedom Party .
A Northwest Passage luxury cruise costs from $ 20,000 to $ 150,000 .	For the money , you get a month crossing the world 's final ocean frontier .
Canada 's new leader-in-waiting says he intends to follow through his campaign promise to pull the country out of the U.S.-led bombing campaign against ISIS .
President Donald Trump congratulated NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson from the Oval Office on Monday on her record-breaking stay aboard the International Space Station .
The father of NSA leaker Edward Snowden told reporters in Moscow that he thinks his son deserves a Nobel Peace Prize .
Kim Jong Un is sending his younger sister to South Korea for the Winter Olympics , the first time any member of the Kim dynasty has visited the country .
President Donald Trump 's government moved swiftly Saturday to comply with a federal judge 's order halting his travel ban -- even as Trump himself denounced the judge -- but readied its legal defense of the controversial executive action .
At least 28 people were killed and 113 others were wounded in a knife attack in a railway station in the southwest Chinese city of Kunming , authorities said .
More than 290,000 people have signed a petition in support of a Paris bus driver facing disciplinary action after he was filmed slapping a teenager .
Sen. Pat Roberts , a Kansas Republican , apologized Thursday afternoon for making an apparent joke about mammograms related to what features are or are not included in Republicans ' plan to repeal and replace Obamacare .
Amid fears of ethnic violence , a Burundian African Union official tells CNN a military coup attempt is underway in Burundi .
Spain 's former King Juan Carlos , 77 , will face a paternity lawsuit by a Belgian woman alleging that he 's her father , a 12-judge panel ruled Wednesday .
The body of Carla Stefaniak , a US citizen reported missing while on vacation in Costa Rica , has been found , her family confirmed , as authorities announced a suspect is in custody in the case .
Rosalin Guillermo was at the front of the migrant caravan of Central Americans hoping to cross a bridge into Mexico .	But when the gates closed , she decided she and her family had to find another way forward .
Final arguments began today in the bail hearing of Oscar Pistorius , who is charged with premeditated murder in the killing of his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp , in the early hours of Valentine 's Day .
The Iraqi government has asked the U.S. to use its air power in the fight against the militant group ISIS .
Police in a California county have this warning for camera-toting thrill seekers : `` You can lose your life and none of that is worth a selfie ! ''
Hundreds of people were caught up in a standoff between Islamist supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy and the Egyptian military at a mosque .
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Monday that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was `` begging for war '' as she urged the UN Security Council to adopt the strongest sanctions measures possible to stop Pyongyang 's nuclear program .
Russia , at a United Nations Security Council meeting , warned the British government Thursday it was `` playing with fire '' with accusations that Moscow was behind the poisoning of a Russian former spy and his daughter in the United Kingdom .
Ukraine 's new President tells CNN he will continue negotiating with Russian separatists as a deadline approaches .
A young woman in India has given birth to a 15-pound baby girl , which doctors believe is the country 's heaviest newborn .
A series of massive explosions illuminated the dark sky over Damascus early Sunday , igniting renewed claims that Israel has launched attacks into the war-torn country .
President Donald Trump claimed on Wednesday that China is working to interfere in November 's midterm elections with the aim of damaging him politically .
Rio 2016 maybe plagued with problems , but one thing it is doing really well is bringing people together .
The United States and Russia have announced a plan to bring about a ceasefire in Syria , US Secretary of State John Kerry said .
As several politicians across Europe try to outlaw outfits worn by some Muslim women , one businessman is fighting back with his checkbook .
The websites of Ohio Gov .	John Kasich and a Maryland County were hacked Sunday , displaying what appeared to be pro-ISIS propaganda .
Egyptian toddler 's sentence of life in prison was a mistake , officials say , and neither the boy nor his father will be arrested .
Sony 's PlayStation and Microsoft 's Xbox Live gaming networks were experiencing widespread problems on Christmas Day as a hacker group claims attack .
The U.S. warned Syria on Monday not to use chemical weapons amid reports that President Bashar al-Assad 's regime could be preparing to take that step .
Hurricane Irma regained Category 5 status late Friday as the core of the storm made landfall in Cuba , the US National Hurricane Center said .
Standing near the front line of the world 's tensest standoff , President Donald Trump on Wednesday issued a direct and personal warning to North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un , declaring during his first major speech in Asia that continued nuclear provocation could result in the communist nation 's obliteration .
An arrest warrant was issued Friday for the captain of the ferry that sank off South Korea , an accident that killed 29 people and left nearly 270 missing .
Newly discovered graffiti at the Pompeii archeological site could move the time of the historic eruption from August to October of the year 79 AD .
An Australian man has been charged with multiple counts of rape and assault after he allegedly kept a British backpacker captive for over two months .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has never questioned President Donald Trump 's mental health , the top US diplomat told CNN in an exclusive interview .
The secret election to pick a new pope has yet to begin .	But whoever is picked may already be mulling over his choice of name -- and what it means .
The royal family 's mishandling of Princess Diana 's death lost them popularity , and it has taken the royals nearly two decades to gain it back , Kate Williams says .
The United States and Iraq are blaming ISIS for the destruction of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri , an iconic mosque that stood over the embattled Iraqi city of Mosul for eight centuries .
McDonald 's has pledged to ditch plastic straws at its restaurants in the United Kingdom and Ireland starting in September .
Mourning three Israeli teenagers at their funeral , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu promised his nation will avenge their deaths
With sundown on Monday comes another ceasefire aimed at ending Syria 's bloody conflict .	But is this push for peace any different to previous attempts ?
At least 128 people were killed in shootings , a hostage situation and explosions in Paris and a nearby city late Friday , according to French officials .
A 23-year-old photographer was gang-raped by five men in the Indian financial hub of Mumbai , police said Friday
An unborn baby has been saved by doctors after his mother was shot and killed with a crossbow in east London , the UK Press Association reported .
The world 's biggest blue star sapphire -- weighing in at 1,404.49 carats -- has been found in a mine in Sri Lanka .
The United States may have to take action against Syria without the support of one of its staunchest allies , U.S. officials said Thursday
President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter Tuesday evening to deride the US intelligence agencies due to brief him on alleged Russian hacking of American political groups .
Streets in Baltimore looked like a war zone early Tuesday after a night of riots , fires and heartbreak .
The Trump administration supports an existing law they say makes it illegal to own or make homemade plastic guns , a White House official said Tuesday , coming hours after President Donald Trump tweeted that the availability of the firearms `` does n't seem to make much sense ! ''
The Korean Air executive who kicked up a fuss over a bag of nuts will resign from her remaining posts with the airline , the company chairman said Friday .
Two U.S. jets intercepted six Russian planes that neared U.S. airspace off Alaska on Thursday and Canadian planes intercepted two Russian bombers .
Hungary has been warned it could suffer its worst floods ever from the surging River Danube , which has already inundated parts of Germany , Austria and Slovakia .
Gunmen attacked an upscale shopping mall in the Kenyan capital on Saturday , leading to a fierce gunbattle with police and leaving at least 39 people dead .
State news : More than 500 were injured -- many seriously -- after flammable powder apparently exploded midair at a recreational water park in Taiwan .
The world 's biggest-ever ransomware attack is still spreading , claiming more victims .	Here 's the what , why , who and how of the story .
Seven Taliban attacked Kabul 's Hotel Inter-Continental in a brazen , carefully orchestrated operation that began Tuesday night and continued into Wednesday , ending with their deaths and those of 11 other people some six hours after it began , police said .
Human remains found at a property owned by the Vatican in Rome	have raised hope that a 35-year-old mystery involving a teenage girl 's disappearance could be nearing a resolution .
At least 16 died during Haiti 's national Carnival parade Tuesday in an accident involving a float in the country 's capital , officials say .
With everyone missing now accounted for from this week 's deadly tornado , the long and difficult work of recovery can begin .
The Royal Bank of Scotland has been fined $ 612 million by regulators after an investigation found 21 bank employees tried to rig global benchmark interest rates over a period of four years .
After much anticipation over how it would address unrest , Iraq 's parliament postpones its first session until next week , citing a lack of a quorum .
More than 1,100 people have lost their lives in a sustained and severe heat wave in India .
The last song Chris Cornell ever sang on stage was a cover of Led Zeppelin 's `` In My Time of Dying . ''	The last song he ever released is a promise to persevere and thrive .
An 11-year-old girl denied an abortion after allegedly being raped by her stepfather has given birth to a healthy baby girl in Asunción , Paraguay .
It 's a bird --	It 's a plane --	It 's an insanely fast Japanese bullet train .
Reports of Jade Rabbit 's demise may have been premature -- the Chinese lunar rover was reported inoperative but is still showing signs of life .
A slot machine told her she hit a massive jackpot , but the casino claimed it was a machine error and offered her a meal on the house .	Now , she 's taking this to court .
A 23-year-old British man has died after being bitten by a sea snake on a fishing trawler off Australia .
Twitter has suspended at least three accounts tied to far-right group Britain First , including one that had been retweeted by President Trump .
The implosion of Lehman Brothers -- and the mayhem it unleashed -- was the most terrifying moment for business and the US economy since the Great Depression .
A high-speed passenger train derailed as it hurtled around a curve in northwestern Spain on Wednesday , killing 77 people and injuring over 100 , officials said .
Christopher Cantwell , who was featured in a Vice documentary about a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , was denied bail on Thursday after turning himself in earlier , a senior law enforcement official said .
Russian officials say it 's too early to know why a jet crashed in Egypt , challenging an airline executive who ruled out technical problems .
Kenya --	yes , the entire country -- was left without power for 15 minutes Tuesday after a rogue monkey got into a power station and triggered a blackout .
Just as the White House is caught in a political minefield over the Russia investigation , the Pentagon is taking its toughest line yet against Russia 's resurgent nuclear forces .
George Romero had been called the `` father of modern horror films . ''	He died following `` a brief but aggressive battle with lung cancer , '' his production partner said .
US President Donald Trump wo n't stop criticizing London mayor in wake of deadly attack .
The death toll continues to mount on both sides of the Gaza conflict as the United States pushes for a halt to fighting between Hamas and Israel .
The German federal prosecutor 's office on Wednesday issued a wanted notice for Anis Amri , a 24-year-old man born in Tunisia , in connection with Monday 's attack on the Christmas market at Breitsheidplatz in Berlin , according to a statement .
Whether you 're a longtime fan or a new convert just getting acquainted with Juan Gabriel 's work , here are five things you should know about the late music legend .
An Irish politician has apologized for using the N-word in a tweet comparing the plight of slaves in the United States to that of Irish nationalists .
Novichok , the substance used in the attempted murder of Russian ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia , is not merely lethal , it 's also highly unusual .
Egyptian prosecutors have jailed a former ruling party official and three ministers from deposed strongman Hosni Mubarak 's government , including its onetime interior minister , as part of a corruption investigation , state news outlets reported Thursday .
Nearly six years after a brutal attack left her on the verge of death , Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai has returned to Pakistan .
Australian authorities say they 've called off their search for the day for mystery objects that may or may not be parts of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 .
A shooting by a Jordanian police officer left two Americans and three others dead at a police training facility near Amman Monday , Jordan 's official Petra news agency said .
A corruption inquiry targets FIFA officials who allegedly engaged in bribery to decide TV contracts , tournament hosts and FIFA 's presidency , the U.S. says .
Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have released a family photo with their son Prince George , a week ahead of their official visit to New Zealand and Australia .
North Korea 's foreign minister has delivered a scornful response to US President Donald Trump 's threat to destroy the hermit kingdom , likening it to the sound of `` a dog barking . ''
South Korea has deployed 900 military personnel after 1,200 security guards were pulled from duty following an norovirus outbreak at Winter Olympic facilities in Pyeongchang .
Only about 7,100 cheetahs remain in the world and their numbers are quickly dwindling , putting them at risk of extinction , according to new research .
Two young British women were injured in an acid attack carried out by two men on a motorcycle on the east African island of Zanzibar , local police said Thursday .
More than two-thirds of the coral in Australia 's Great Barrier Reef is experiencing `` shocking '' amounts of bleaching , new aerial surveys have revealed .
All eyes will be on President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday when the two controversial world leaders meet for the first time
The World Surf League cancels the J-Bay Open on Sunday after Australian surfer Mick Fanning escapes a shark attack caught on video .
A medical assessment of the 12 boys and their football coach stuck in a Thai cave has concluded that it is too dangerous to try to move the group out Thursday .
At least 27 passengers were injured when an Aeroflot flight from Moscow to Bangkok hit severe air turbulence on Monday .
Scientists grew reproductive organs and nasal cartilage in labs , and later successfully implanted them in patients , according to two studies released Thursday .
A violent showdown appeared likely in Ukraine after new clashes left 21 people dead and parts of the capital afire .
A number of cruise missiles launched from a Russian ship and aimed at targets in Syria have crashed in Iran , two U.S. officials told CNN Thursday .
Fidel `` Fidelito '' Castro Díaz-Balart , the eldest son of former Cuban President Fidel Castro , took his own life on Thursday , the island 's state-run media reported .
David Cameron has had the narrowest of political escapes .	Success for the `` Better Together '' campaign has saved him from catastrophe : he will not , after all , live on in history as the Prime Minister on whose watch the Scottish nation chose to leave the United Kingdom .	But serious questions will now be asked in his party and in the country about his future .
Syria will be called to account for its suspected use of chemical weapons , Vice President Joe Biden said Tuesday .
Hospitals , major companies and government offices have been hit by a huge wave of cyberattacks across the globe .
Cherif and Said Kouachi , brothers wanted in the massacre at Charlie Hebdo magazine , have been killed .	So has a suspect in hostage-taking incident in Paris .
Olympic and world 800m champion Caster Semenya may have to reduce her natural hormone levels or compete against men if she wants to defend her titles .
The body of Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dali was exhumed Thursday , following a controversial Madrid court ruling in favor of a woman who claims to be his daughter .
Bana Alabed , the seven-year-old who brought the plight of Aleppo 's victims to the world , met Turkish president Recep Erdogan in Ankara .
No royal wedding invitation ?	Here 's how you can watch the nuptials of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle without having to book a flight or line up hours in advance at St. George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle .
Rebels captured a government military base Monday on the outskirts of Aleppo , the hotly contested Syrian metropolis that has seen more a week of bloody battles .
U.N. inspectors prepare to inspect site of suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria ; U.S. official says there is little doubt the al-Assad regime is to blame .
The quarantined partner of Ebola patient Thomas Duncan says she `` ca n't wait to be over with everything . ''
Indonesia 's top rescue official says authorities believe missing	AirAsia Flight QZ8501 is likely at the bottom of the sea .
A federal appeals court overturned the first-degree murder conviction of a security contractor involved in the 2007 shooting in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square at the height of the Iraq War -- a deadly encounter that left 17 people dead .
Militants bombed a university bus carrying women in southwestern Pakistan and then attacked a hospital , officials say .
A van plowed into shoppers at an outdoor Christmas market Monday in Nantes , France , injuring at least nine people in addition to the driver , police said .
Gunmen have kidnapped an outspoken Iraqi journalist , Afrah Shawqi al-Qaisi , after storming her home in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad , security officials and the journalist 's sister told CNN on Tuesday .
Several Iranians were shot during protests late Saturday , a source said , after Iran 's government warned citizens against holding `` illegal '' public gatherings .
ISIS claimed credit for explosions in Brussels , Belgium , that killed at least 30 people and wounded about 230 others .	Authorities are searching for a suspect .
With its well-killing effort reported to be going `` extremely well , '' BP plans to start pouring concrete into the crippled well in the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday .
Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is reiterating his support for President Donald Trump after his former boss blasted him over explosive comments he made in a new book .
At 16 , Malala Yousafzai would have been the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize .
Japan 's only operating nuclear reactor will be shut down for maintenance before Monday , leaving the country with no nuclear supply for the 2nd time in 40 years .
Actress Julie Gayet is suing Closer magazine over suggestions that she is having an affair with French President Francois Hollande , the magazine said Thursday .
French lawmakers voted to legalize same-sex marriage Tuesday , despite vocal protests from some conservatives opposed to the step .
A new round of United Nations sanctions against North Korea are an `` act of war , '' Pyongyang said Sunday , adding that the US and other nations which supported the strict measures will pay a heavy price .
President Donald Trump appeared to take credit for the decision of major Gulf nations to cut diplomatic relations with Qatar , an important US ally , putting his stamp of approval on the move despite Pentagon and State Department attempts to remain neutral .
Rolling power blackouts imposed by the government are making life miserable for many Venezuelans .
The skeleton of a dodo , the `` icon of extinction , '' has gone under the hammer , selling for almost half a million US dollars at a UK auction .
A girl rescued by Ngerian troops from Boko Haram militants does not appear to be one of the Chibok schoolgirls abducted in 2014 , an activist said Friday .
Stealing small amounts of food out of necessity is not a crime , Italy 's highest court of appeal has ruled .
Two men who opened fire outside a contest for Prophet Mohammed cartoons in a Dallas suburb were shot dead by police Sunday night , authorities said .
A North Korean soldier defects to South Korea across the heavily fortified border that separates the two countries , South Korean authorities say .
An op-ed in an official Chinese state newspaper says being an unmarried , childless woman makes Taiwan 's newly inaugurated president unfit for her job .
Seven Iraqi soldiers were killed and 29 others were wounded on Saturday in clashes between Iraqi security forces and ( ISIS )
Up to 16,000 people have fled the violence in Syria 's war-ravaged eastern Aleppo , with food stocks `` practically finished '' and every hospital bombed beyond use , the UN 's humanitarian chief said Tuesday .
As Russians struggle to come to terms with a horrific US-style school shooting in Crimea , which has left at least 20 people dead and dozens injured , Kremlin-controlled media are blaming the `` corrupting influence '' of the West .
President Donald Trump met Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time at the G20 Summit in Germany
Amid intensifying violence , a U.N. official said about 200,000 civilians have fled Aleppo in the last two days though others are trapped in Syria 's largest city .
Seven members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult , which carried out the deadly 1995 sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway , have been executed , Japanese officials said Friday .
A small plane carrying a prominent upstate New York couple was unresponsive for hours before crashing Friday off Jamaica 's coast .
A woman wielding a kitchen knife has attacked at least 14 children at a kindergarten in Chongqing in central China , local police said Friday .
The UNESCO World Heritage Committee add 21 cultural and natural treasures to the organization 's prestigious World Heritage List .
A Japanese theme park which froze 5,000 sea creatures into the floor of an ice rink was forced to close the attraction on Sunday after a public backlash .
Oil prices swung wildly on Monday after Saudi Arabia severed diplomatic ties with Iran .
Night fell Monday in Nairobi with no clear resolution of the standoff between Kenyan forces and terrorists at Westgate Shopping Mall .
Boko Haram launched a grisly attack on a Nigerian village that troops used as a base in the search for abducted schoolgirls , witnesses told CNN .
Peter Bergen says news of connections between a Syrian rebel group and al Qaeda is a worrisome sign
A newly released ISIS video shows a child shooting a man the group claims is an Israeli spy .
The death toll from a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake that struck off the coast of northern Chile rose to at least six Wednesday morning .
Taliban school attack : At least 145 people were killed in a siege at a school in northwest Pakistan .
Men are standing up to homophobia by holding hands after a gay couple was attacked in the Netherlands .	The hashtag # allemannenhandinhand is being used on Twitter and Instagram .
Akbar Al Baker suggested that women are n't capable of running his airline .
President Trump 's son is criticizing the mayor of London in the immediate aftermath of an attack in the city that killed four and wounded about 40 on the grounds of the UK Parliament .