Ex-Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is sentenced to 40 years in jail after being found guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity during the 1992-95 war .
One of al-Qaeda 's top leaders in Pakistan , Ilyas Kashmiri , has been killed in a US drone strike near the Afghan border , locals and officials say .
Prosecutors say there was `` compelling evidence '' jailed	Briton Matthew Hedges was guilty of spying .
The document shows a $ 38m tax bill on $ 150m income but the White House says its publication is illegal .
The US president spoke of his hope for the region after meeting Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas .
How bad can a team be and still qualify ?	Why has the `` official noisemaker '' been banned ?	All you need to know about the World Cup .
US Republican front-runner Donald Trump softens his stance on torture , after advocating water-boarding `` and tougher '' in a TV debate .
A purported original photograph of the iceberg that sank the ill-fated Titanic is to be auctioned .
UN agencies say the number of children forced to flee Syria has reached one million , describing the figure as `` a shameful milestone '' .
Naturalist Sir David Attenborough says climate change is humanity 's greatest threat in thousands of years .
Australian fire fighters are battling a series of major wildfires in New South Wales , with fears that hundreds of homes have been destroyed .
Iran restricts access to Google 's email service , Gmail , and search engine .
The two women are accused of killing Kim Jong-un 's half brother in a bizarre airport ambush .
Palestinian rioters set fire to the Jewish holy site of Joseph 's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus , in a move condemned by the Palestinian leader .
At least 22 migrants -	many of them children - drown in a new boat tragedy off Greece , whose PM scorns EU leaders ' handling of the crisis .
The Philippine government says it is facing its biggest logistical challenge after Typhoon Haiyan , which has affected as many as 11 million people .
The exposure of a Chinese teenager who vandalised an Ancient Egyptian artwork leads to a wave of anger among China 's internet users .
A delivery driver from Luton is convicted of an IS-linked plot to kill an American airman outside a military base in East Anglia .
A friend of Jonghyun , the K-pop star who died on Monday , posts what she says was his final note .
Libyan PM Ali Zeidan urges calm in his first comments since being freed from the custody of militiamen who held him for several hours in Tripoli .
The skull of the bear that inspired the Winnie-the-Pooh books is going to be put on public display for the first time in a London museum .
North Korea proposes a joint inquiry with the US into a cyber-attack on Sony that led to the studio cancelling the release of the film The Interview .
Pope Francis describes a brutal attack on an old people 's home in Yemen that left four nuns and 12 others dead as `` pointless slaughter '' .
The main body of the AirAsia plane that disappeared in December has been located and photographed in the Java Sea , say officials .
The head of Cologne 's police is leaving his post `` to restore public trust in the police '' following sex attacks on women at New Year .
The UN Security Council calls for an immediate Gaza ceasefire as the number of Palestinians killed during Israel 's military operation passes 500 .
Ko Phi Phi , made famous by Danny Boyle 's The Beach , prepares close to tourists to protect its beauty .
US president says he is `` more determined than ever '' to seek global peace after his Vatican audience .
Fifteen people die and six survivors are being treated in hospital after a plane crashes while trying to land at an airport in northern Nepal .
Anger may trigger a heart attack or stroke , with a `` danger window '' of about two hours following an outburst , say researchers .
Oscar Pistorius removes his prosthetic limbs and hobbles around the courtroom at his sentencing hearing , to show the extent of his disability .
Deadly torrents of hot gas and volcanic debris engulf villages on the slopes of Fuego volcano .
PM Tony Abbott says Australia is `` throwing everything we have '' at the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane , as weather improves .
US and UK leaders Donald Trump and Theresa	May reaffirm their commitment to Nato after White House talks .
America 's next robot rover will be sent to a 50km-wide depression that once had water running through it .
A Moscow court adjourns the appeal hearing of three activists from punk band Pussy Riot , jailed for staging an anti-Kremlin protest in a cathedral .
India has successfully launched a spacecraft to the Red Planet - with the aim of becoming the fourth space agency to reach Mars .
The country says it is setting up a fund to help women `` remain in control of their own bodies '' .
Rescuers search for trapped survivors after an earthquake topples buildings in the south Taiwanese city of Tainan , killing at least 11 people .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says Mexican drug violence is looking increasingly like an insurgency , a comment strongly rejected by Mexico .
Former Korean Air executive Heather Cho , who was jailed for an outburst over macadamia nuts , has been freed after winning a court appeal .
Pope Francis begs forgiveness from the victims of sexual abuse by priests at his first meeting with victims since his election .
Ed Sheeran has announced he 's engaged to his long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn .
The Israeli military begins a ground offensive against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip , extending its Operation Protective Edge .
The death sentence for a woman who killed her husband after he allegedly raped her is overturned .
Activity has increased at North Korea 's nuclear test site , South Korea says , ahead of a visit by US President Barack Obama to the region .
Passengers will be able to fly from the UK to Australia non-stop from March 2018 , says airline Qantas .
A Saudi-led coalition launches air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen , saying it is `` defending the legitimate government '' of President Hadi .
Two US fighter jets dropped unarmed bombs near the Great Barrier Reef off Australia 's coast during a training exercise that went wrong , it has emerged .
Turkey jails two Syrians over the drowning of Syrian boy Alan Kurdi	whose death last year focused attention on the refugee crisis .
Salman Khan was convicted of poaching rare antelope in 1998 , but is launching an appeal .
The Ahmads brought their four children to Russia seeking safety , but they were refused asylum .	Now the family is stuck in the transit zone of Moscow 's Sheremetyevo airport , where they have been camping-out for almost seven weeks , reports Sarah Rainsford .
A haul of planets from Nasa 's Kepler telescope includes a world sharing many characteristics with Earth .
Republican Ted Cruz endorses Donald Trump in the race for the White House , a man he once described as a `` rat '' and a `` trainwreck '' .
Up to $ 800m in cash held by so-called Islamic State has been destroyed in air strikes , a US military official says .
Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad succeeds in becoming the first person to swim from Cuba to the US without a shark cage .
Vietnam mourns a revered ancient turtle whose death has shocked the country on the eve of the Communist Party congress .
A North Korean named `` Kim '' was paid for a biochemical attack on the supreme leader , officials say .
Women in Saudi Arabia are to be given the right to vote and run in future municipal elections , the country 's King Abdullah announces .
Two female suicide bombers blow themselves up at a crowded market in north-east Nigeria , killing at least four other people and injuring dozens .
Snipers fire on a UN convoy of weapons inspectors , briefly delaying their mission to gather evidence at sites of alleged chemical attacks around Damascus .
A Russian pilot missing after Turkey downed his fighter jet is alive and well and back at an airbase in Syria , Russia 's defence minister says .
India says it has complained to Saudi Arabia after an employer allegedly chopped off an Indian maid ’ s arm when she tried to escape .
German police launch a huge anti-terror manhunt in the city of Munich after at least eight people died in a shooting at a shopping centre .
In a historic first , a European spacecraft arrives at a speeding comet after a 10-year chase .
Derek Mead was crushed to death when his dog knocked a lever in his forklift truck , an inquest hears .
The Nobel Committee says it is `` deeply worried '' about Liu Xiaobo 's widow , who is under house arrest .
Mohammed Dewji , said to be Africa 's youngest billionaire , said he thanked Allah and the police .
A Russian plan to make safe Syria 's chemical weapons sparks disputes over a UN resolution , as President Obama addresses the nation .
France 's highest administrative court suspends a ban on controversial full-body `` burkini '' swimsuits in a town on the Mediterranean coast .
Israel was not at fault for the death of US activist Rachel Corrie , killed in Gaza by an Israeli army bulldozer in 2003 , an Israeli court rules .
A new study says global tourism accounts for 8 % of carbon emissions , far larger than previously thought .
King Felipe VI calls for `` a new Spain that we will build together '' after being proclaimed the country 's head of state in a ceremony in parliament .
A boy with a brain tumour whose parents took him from a hospital against medical advice had everything he needed to be safe , his brother says .
It was found near where she disappeared on a trip with a Danish submariner , now facing a murder charge .
Five people were injured in the town of Schaffhausen after being attacked with a chainsaw .
A potential disaster in the North Sea is narrowly averted after a large unmanned barge goes adrift in high seas and almost collides with oil rigs .
Mamoudou Gassama earned widespread praise and Spiderman comparisons for saving a small boy .
The boy rescued from a balcony had been left unattended by his father before , his mother says .
Researchers say the study is a `` light in the fog '' in the search for the causes of chronic fatigue syndrome .
Pyongyang says plans that could see it fire four missiles near the US territory will soon be ready .
Lego stops asking bulk buy customers what they want to use the bricks for , following a backlash over its refusal of bricks to Chinese artist Ai Weiwei .
The boy 's remains were found in a New Mexico site where 11 starving children were rescued .
Further allegations of corruption during the bidding process to stage the World Cups in 2018 and 2022 are made .
A Spanish missionary who contracted Ebola in Liberia dies in hospital in Spain , officials say , as the virus claims more than 1,000 lives in West Africa .
Peru 's environmental police launch an investigation into the deaths of some 500 sea lions found on a northern beach .
Police bloodhounds have found where David Sweat and Richard Matt may have spent the night after they escaped from prison .
Fifa president Sepp Blatter tells an emergency meeting he will not quit , amid growing political pressure over a corruption scandal .
South Korea holds live-firing exercises on an island close to the border with North Korea , which Pyongyang condemns but vows not to retaliate .
A call for Oscar Pistorius to carry out community service for killing girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , sparks an angry prosecution response .
A total of 23 people have been arrested and weapons seized in a series of raids targeting Islamist militants across France , officials say , following Friday 's attacks in Paris .
Russia 's President Putin tells a live TV audience that Ukraine 's government is deliberately cutting off rebel-held areas in the east of the country .
The undercover agent who infiltrated al-Qaeda and foiled an `` underwear bomb '' plot was a British man of Middle Eastern origin , US reports say .
Fresh protests flare in Syria , with two ruling Baath party offices reportedly burned down , at the end of a week that has seen dozens killed .
The move comes as President Maduro rejects calls to cancel a vote for a new constituent assembly .
The 16-year-old is the third teenage girl to be raped and burned alive in a week in India .
Iran detained 10 US sailors after their two patrol boats reportedly drifted into Iranian waters in the Gulf , US officials say .
Sleep loss may be more serious than previously thought , causing a permanent loss of brain cells , research suggests .
A Singapore Airlines plane bound for Milan catches fire shortly after making an emergency landing at Singapore 's Changi airport .
Eleven people die and eight are missing after an earthquake near Malaysia 's highest peak , but 137 climbers trapped there are now safe , officials say .
Rodrigo Duterte says he stabbed someone to death at 16 but	a spokesman says his remarks are `` jest '' .
Scottish boxer	Mike Towell dies in hospital after being seriously injured in a bout on Thursday , his management says .
An American FBI agent is arrested under anti-terrorism laws in Pakistan for carrying ammunition while trying to board a flight .
The last doctors in the rebel-held east of the Syrian city of Aleppo urge US President Barack Obama to come to the aid of 250,000 civilians there .
WWF blames `` exploding consumption '' for average losses of 60 % in vertebrate populations since 1970 .
A man has been killed as at least 1,500 migrants tried to enter the Channel Tunnel in Calais on Tuesday night , French police say .
North Korea says it has sentenced a US citizen to 15 years of hard labour , amid ongoing tensions with the US .
A BTS member has caused controversy in Japan after wearing a shirt depicting an atomic bomb .
Police in Bangkok say they have arrested a man in connection with a bomb that killed 20 people in the Thai capital nearly two weeks ago .
Guatemala releases official figures as a fresh eruption disrupts rescue work at the Fuego volcano .
Indian officials are reluctant to disturb the protected Sentinelese tribe who killed John Allen Chau .
North Korean scientists say they have invented a `` suave '' hangover-free alcohol for `` experts and lovers ''
The driver of the double-decker bus was arrested amid reports the vehicle was travelling too fast .
Pictures of China 's endangered Ili Pika have taken social media by storm but its sudden fame may come at a price .
China begins searching its territory for the missing Malaysian plane and says no evidence was found of terror links among Chinese passengers .
The anti-whaling group says it can not match Japan 's funding or surveillance technology .
Theresa May has now succeeded David Cameron as UK prime minister .	What are the immediate challenges she faces and what 's on her to-do list ?
The alleged attack took place in Washington DC just days before Donald Trump 's inauguration .
Temperatures around the Australian city reach a high of 47.3C ( 117F ) , prompting severe fire warnings .
Japan reacts with anger as a video is released online appearing to show the murder of hostage Kenji Goto by an Islamic State militant .
How was Emmanuel Macron - a man with no electoral experience - able to win the French presidency ?
Hundreds of people in Iraq are treated for the effects of toxic gases after a sulphur plant is set alight in fighting with IS militants .
The US `` mother of all bombs '' attack did not affect civilians , the Afghan defence ministry says .
There was no mention of the US president 's visit at the State Opening of Parliament .
Brazil forward Neymar says it is	`` sad '' people think his world record move to Paris St-Germain was motivated by money .
Between five and 15 people are thought to have been killed and scores hurt by a huge explosion at a fertiliser plant in Texas .
Three Israeli teenagers abducted this month in the West Bank have been found dead near Hebron , the Israeli military says .
Nobukazu Kuriki , a climber who lost nine of his fingers to frostbite , abandons his attempt to reach the summit of Mount Everest .
A large explosion in the Turkish capital , Ankara , has left at least 28 people dead and 61	injured , Turkish officials say .
Jacinda Arden was asked about her motherhood plans hours after being named Labour leader .
One of the 219 missing Chibok schoolgirls is found in Nigeria , the first to be rescued since their capture two years ago .
Live updates as police say they fear the driver in the Berlin lorry attack may still be free .
Satellite imagery appears to show Pyongyang has demolished buildings at the Sohae rocket launch site .
The BBC apologises over remarks on the TV show Top Gear that provoked outrage in Mexico , but defends humour based on national stereotyping .
Two owners of garment factories in the building that collapsed in Bangladesh are arrested , as 24 more people are rescued from the rubble .
The couple were arrested after a phone was found with images of a man posing with human remains .
Amitabh Bachchan says he has cleared the loans of 1,400 farmers , at a cost of more than half a million dollars .
Evha Jannath , 11 , from Leicester , was killed in a fall from a water ride at Drayton Manor .
The downing of Malaysian airliner MH17 in eastern Ukraine may constitute a `` war crime '' , UN human rights chief Navi Pillay says .
About 10 million people remain under a storm watch , as Hurricane Florence nears the Carolinas .
The UN urges all sides in Libya to take steps to avoid revenge attacks , as allegations emerge of abuses by rebels and Gaddafi loyalists .
The former military ruler was ousted by a US invasion in 1989 and convicted of drug trafficking .
President Jacob Zuma is refusing to resign so his party has issued a formal demand , officials say .
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could take weeks and is the `` most challenging ever seen '' , Australian officials say .
A Georgian chess grandmaster is expelled from a tournament after apparently using a smartphone in the toilet to check his moves .
The international community must act on evidence of crimes against humanity in North Korea , say the panel behind a year-long UN inquiry .
A House Intelligence Committee member says it is too early to shield Michael Flynn from prosecution .
The billionaire suggests inflating a tube `` like a bouncy castle '' to try to retrieve the trapped boys .
A study suggests they do n't work , but health experts say there 's no reason to change official advice .
A man who was arrested following claims the Duchess of Cambridge 's sister Pippa Middleton 's iCloud account was hacked has been bailed , police say .
Many of those killed in the blaze in Kemerovo , Siberia , on Sunday were children .
The bodies of 31 hikers are found near the peak of Japan 's Mount Ontake as rescuers search for those missing since Saturday 's sudden volcanic eruption .
A post-mortem examination into the cause of George Michael 's death	was `` inconclusive '' , police say .
Indian police arrest the head teacher of a school where 23 children died after eating food contaminated with insecticide last week .
Teams searching for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 are to deploy the Bluefin-21 robotic submarine for the first time .
Nine climbers are killed in an avalanche near Chamonix in the French Alps , as police say those feared missing have been accounted for .
Wells Fargo chief executive John Stumpf forfeits $ 41m ( £31.5m ) in share bonuses as the bank giant tries to stem a scandal over its sales practices .
Mr Duterte , who leads a deeply Catholic country , also attacked the Christian concept of original sin .
Find out more about the history of Anne Frank with the timeline
The UN 's health agency says the scale of the Ebola outbreak appears to be `` vastly underestimated '' , as the death toll reaches 1,069 .
Turkey dismisses 350 police officers and the top judiciary body says it will investigate officials overseeing an inquiry into government corruption .
Leading Republicans join calls for an inquiry into the ex-national security adviser 's Russia ties .
Honeymoon murder suspect Shrien Dewani formally pleads	not guilty to the murder of his wife , Anni , in Cape Town .
US police and protesters clash again in Ferguson , Missouri , as President Barack Obama urges calm over the fatal shooting of an unarmed teenager .
Actor Johnny Depp 's dogs will leave Australia , after facing death threats because they were brought in illegally , the agriculture minister says .
The killing of two French police officials by a man claiming allegiance to so-called Islamic State is `` a terrorist act '' , says President Hollande .
Women in South Korea will be the first in the world to live an average of 90 years .
One of the Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram has been found with a baby , the military says .
Afghan security forces regain control of a popular hotel outside Kabul , where a 12-hour attack by Taliban militants left at least 20 people dead .
US retailer Walmart says it is `` troubling '' that a supplier subcontracted work without authorisation to a factory hit by a lethal fire in Bangladesh .
Africa 's first Google Code-in winner has left his hometown , because Cameroon has cut the internet there .
The US state department condemns a Pakistani minister 's offer of $ 100,000 for the death of the American maker of an anti-Islam film .
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump says his campaign is united despite fallout from a damaging series of missteps .
Five suspected jihadists are shot dead in Cambrils after a van attack in Barcelona killed 13 people .
Ted Cruz wins the Iowa Republican caucuses , beating frontrunner Donald Trump in the first US vote on the road to the White House , but the Democratic race is a virtual tie .
Boss says power cut behind IT problem which saw all flights from Heathrow and Gatwick cancelled .
IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn is sent to New York 's notorious Rikers Island jail on sexual assault charges , after being denied bail .
Two boys aged 15 and 16 are arrested on suspicion of robbery and causing grievous bodily harm .
Russian President Vladimir Putin says there is no need yet to send Russian troops into Ukraine , but he does not rule out doing so as a `` last resort '' .
Nigeria 's president admits he still does not know the whereabouts of the schoolgirls seized last month by Islamist militants , in his first public comments on the matter .
Local elections are being conducted in the world 's joint most corrupt nation .	Why , and how , are they being held ?
The Indian Ocean search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight	MH370 is suspended for the day due to bad weather , Australian officials say .
A Chinese ship searching for the missing Malaysian plane picks up a pulse signal , Chinese media say ,	but there is no sign it is from flight MH370 .
The German Chancellor , Angela Merkel , says there can be no talks on Brexit before the UK formally begins the process of leaving the EU .
Philippine President Benigno Aquino declares a state of national calamity following Friday 's typhoon , which has killed thousands of people .
Two inmates make a daring escape from a Canadian prison near Montreal by climbing up a rope into a helicopter , but are later re-arrested .
Legislation that would have set minimum standards for passenger space aboard commercial aeroplanes fails to pass in the US Senate .
Russia clashes with other world powers at the UN Security Council over the deaths in Syria .
Protests against the election of Donald Trump as US president turn violent in Oregon .
The red phone , which has the Nazi leader 's name engraved on it , was sold to an anonymous bidder .
The US Justice Department is suing North Carolina over its controversial anti-LGBT law , calling it `` state-sponsored discrimination '' .
Some witnesses refused to testify at the televised trial of Oscar Pistorius because of the publicity , his lawyer says , as his defence closes .
Buzz Aldrin , the second man to step foot on the moon , has sent a 'message to the Red Planet ' from Stonehenge .
Nine people at a college in Oregon have been shot dead by a 26-year-old gunman who was later killed in a police shootout .
Rescuers are using diving gear to try to reach the young footballers believed lost in the vast cave .
Snow carpets the Russian capital bringing down more than 2,000 trees , with the loss of one life .
Hilary Mantel wins the Man Booker Prize for her tale of Tudor treachery , Bring up the Bodies , becoming the first woman to win it twice .
Puan left an `` incredible legacy '' of descendants for the critically endangered species , keepers say .
A growing number of Chinese companies are exporting `` tools of torture '' such as electric shock batons and spiked metal batons , Amnesty says .
A group of Kenyan Muslims on a bus attacked by Islamist gunmen protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups , witnesses say .
A representative for the actor said he was `` recovering at his home '' in Sardinia `` and will be fine '' .
The rape victim , who was not allowed to have an abortion by the Supreme Court , delivers a baby girl .
Donald Trump , the main supporter of false claims about Barack Obama 's birthplace , finally accepts the president was born in the US , `` period '' .
A city in India 's Rajasthan state breaks the country 's temperature records after registering 51C , the highest since records began , the weather office says .
At least 107 people have died after a crane collapsed on the Grand Mosque in the Muslim holy city of Mecca , Saudi officials say .
A Chinese noodle shop owner is accused of lacing his wares with poppy-seed to entice more customers .
They could face the death penalty if convicted of murdering the North Korean leader 's brother .
More than 41,000 people have been infected with measles in the first six months of 2018 .
Russia says it has launched missile strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria from its warships in the Caspian Sea - about 1,500km ( 930 miles ) away .
Pope Francis says the Roman Catholic Church should apologise to gay people for the way it has treated them .
US Republican Mike Huckabee triggers a row by accusing President Obama of marching Israelis `` to the door of the oven '' over the Iran nuclear deal .
Russian leader says military action is `` wrapping up '' , as Syria 's president makes a surprise trip .
A Californian landscape fetches $ 28.5m - more than double the artist 's previous auction record .
A civilian diver searching for bodies in the South Korean ferry that sank last month has died , authorities say .
Melania Trump sues the Daily Mail and a US blogger for $ 150m over allegations	she was a sex worker in the 1990s .
After a four-year battle with the US government , Defense Distributed can publish blueprints for guns .
Live coverage as dozens of people are killed in multiple attacks around Paris and France declares a state of emergency , closing its borders .
Bomb blasts across Thailand target popular tourist towns , leaving four people dead and dozens injured .
Elizabeth Holmes is charged with fraud over claims made for blood tests her company developed .
Sydney woman Lynette Dawson vanished in 1982 , in a case that has come under wide scrutiny .
After being groped on air by a football fan , a Colombian reporter speaks out about being harassed .
A change to the law in Japan means citizens who illegally download copyright infringing files face jail sentences and fines .
Dutch police have been questioning an Afghan man accused of Friday 's stabbing of two US tourists .
There is an uneasy calm in central Istanbul after a night of clashes which saw Turkish riot police disperse anti-government demonstrators .
The Mitsubishi corporation of Japan makes a landmark apology for using US prisoners of war as forced labour during World War Two .
The killing of a gorilla at a zoo in the US city of Cincinnati after a four-year-old boy fell into its enclosure triggers outrage on social media .
A new study warns that a third of all men currently under the age of 20 in China will die prematurely if they do not give up smoking .
Russia has launched air strikes in Syria for a second day , targeting rebel positions in the north-west and centre of the country .
A hungry sea lion pup is rescued after finding its way into a restaurant in the US city of San Diego .
Chancellor Angela Merkel says the `` breathtaking '' flow of migrants will `` occupy and change ''	Germany as France agrees to take in thousands more .
The UK foreign secretary says his priority is to build international support for a ceasefire in Syria .
Nineteen of the 23 children who died after eating a tainted free school meal in the Indian state of Bihar are buried in and around the school grounds .
At least 40 bodies have been recovered from the sea off Indonesia in the search for the missing AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , the Indonesian navy says .
Spine experts reveal the improbable dynamics of the `` Smooth Criminal '' lean .
Edgar Jimenez Lugo is jailed for three years by a Mexican juvenile court for murdering four people on the orders of a drug gang when he was 14 .
The surviving pilot of a Russian plane shot down by Turkey on the Syrian border says no warning was given , and the plane was inside Syrian airspace .
The US nuclear weapons force still uses 1970s-era computer systems and floppy disks , a government report reveals .
Speaking at a UN conference , US President Donald Trump appears to invent a whole new African nation .
Investors are worried a recession might be about to hit the US , so do they have reason to be concerned ?
Donald Trump and lawyer Michael Cohen discuss Karen McDougal in a 2016 recording aired by CNN .
German police say they believe a gate stolen from the Nazi concentration camp at Dachau has been found .
Blasts shake India 's Bodh Gaya temple complex - one of Buddhism 's holiest sites - in what officials say was a terror attack .
Russia approves the deployment of troops in Ukraine , prompting Kiev to put its army on full alert as international leaders express alarm .
Grandson shares nan 's very polite Google search on social media .
Russian troops seize control of a Crimean naval base at Feodosia , the third such attack in 48 hours , Ukrainian officials tell the BBC .
A police officer is sentenced to life in prison for raping and sexually assaulting black women in the poor part of Oklahoma where he worked .
Families will be allowed into three stadiums in the latest move towards giving women more freedom .
A senior adviser clashes with a reporter over the iconic American statue and US immigration laws .
One of six mountaineers roped together survives the fall in Austria 's Zillertal Alps , officials say .
Officials vow that no exhibitionism will be tolerated in the experiment at Bois de Vincennes park .
Ukraine 's ex-President Viktor Yanukovych pledges a fightback in his first public appearance since being ousted , amid tensions in Crimea .
A police investigation is under way after a passenger plane approaching London 's Heathrow Airport was hit by what is believed to have been a drone .
Toyota is recalling 885,000 vehicles , mainly in North America , to fix a problem that could lead to airbags being disabled or inadvertently deploying .
Venezuela 's National Assembly delays President Hugo Chavez 's inauguration , due on 10 January , to give him time to recover from cancer surgery .
Paintings by Paul Gauguin and Pierre Bonnard hung on an Italian factory worker 's kitchen wall for almost 40 years after being stolen , police reveal .
Officials say two men dressed as women tried to break through a security gate to the National Security Agency headquarters .
A Saudi court sentences online activist Raef Badawi to seven years in jail and 600 lashes for posting comments on religion , his lawyer says .
Paul Manafort 's spokesman denies the allegation by a Ukrainian lawmaker as `` baseless '' .
Gaza is in a `` critical condition '' and violence there must stop `` in the name of humanity '' , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says .
An earthquake of 8.2 magnitude strikes off the coast of northern Chile , triggering a tsunami alert and killing at least five people .
Police in Colombia say they have seized nearly eight tonnes of cocaine in the town of Turbo , their biggest domestic haul .
The threat against the base on Guam island comes as Donald Trump threatens `` fire and fury '' .
The results of Egypt 's hotly disputed presidential run-off are delayed by the election authorities , amid continuing protests in the polarised country .
International efforts to finalise a truce in Gaza are being stepped up after a night of heavy Israeli air strikes and sporadic Hamas rocket attacks .
The FBI has issued a wanted poster for a Romanian fraudster accused of being behind a multi-million dollar cybercrime ring .
The US Secret Service agent became unwell while protecting the president during his visit to Scotland .
Seeing a moonbow – a pale white rainbow that appears on bright moonlight nights – requires visiting one of only two places on the planet .
Prosecutors in South Africa file papers calling for Oscar Pistorius to be convicted of murder , days before he is due to be released on probation .
Protesters greeted the president as he arrived at the $ 35,000 ( £27,000 ) per person bash .
Millions are talking about a demonic pencil game - but one thing it 's not is Mexican .
Guy Scott is appointed Zambia 's interim leader , Africa 's first white head of state for many years , after the death of President Sata .
A UN human rights panel investigation into North Korea shows there is evidence of widespread violations by the state .
The two main suspects in the killings at Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris are said to have robbed a service station in the north of France .
The secretary of state fired by Mr Trump warns of Russia 's `` troubling behaviour '' as a parting shot .
Syrian opposition groups say the city of Homs has come under the heaviest shelling in days , despite the president 's pledge to engage in dialogue .
Scientists say a pest that destroys maize is spreading rapidly across Africa and could reach Asia and the Mediterranean in the next few years .
About 200 villagers in China 's Sichuan province have petitioned authorities to `` isolate '' an HIV-positive eight-year-old , report local media .
Why has the Queen proved such an irresistible figure on stage and screen ?
Radiation levels around Japan 's Fukushima nuclear plant are 18 times higher than previously thought , Japanese authorities warn .
Women who have had their appendix or tonsils removed appear to be more fertile , a 15-year study of more than half a million British women suggests .
Minute-by-minute coverage of the Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip and Hamas militant rockets fired towards Israel on 19 November .
The FBI is questioned by Congress over whether it mishandled information about Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 .
At least 37 people are killed and about 130 hurt in the deadliest blaze in the country for a decade .
Peacekeepers have failed to prevent the ethnic cleansing of Muslims in the Central African Republic , Amnesty says , as a food airlift begins .
Anders Behring Breivik , who carried out bomb and gun attacks in Norway last year which left 77 people dead , pleads not guilty on the first day of his trial .
Google has said data was wiped from discs at one of its data centres in Belgium - after the local power grid was struck by lightning four times .
Zamira Hajiyeva , a 55-year-old from Azerbaijan , has been ordered to explain how she got all her money .
The move paves the way for France to prosecute the far-right leader for tweeting IS violence images .
A new bill passed by the House aims to make singing the anthem `` with fervour '' compulsory .
India 's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley says `` honest people '' have no need to worry about decision to scrap 500 and 1,000 rupee notes .
The head of Germany 's `` anti-Islamisation '' movement quits after disparaging anti-refugee comments and a photo showing him apparently posing as Hitler emerge .
The Iranian supreme leader lambasts the US after fresh sanctions are imposed over a missile test .
Liberia 's government announced it is closing down all schools across the country and deploying troops to stop the spread of the deadly Ebola virus .
Sunni rebels in Iraq say they have fully captured the country 's largest oil refinery at Baiji , north of Baghdad , after days of heavy fighting .
Nike terminates its relationship with Manny Pacquiao after the boxing great described homosexuals as `` worse than animals '' .
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing images of naked women as part of its redesign from next year , it has emerged .
Moves to ease Turkey 's economic woes fail to stop market turmoil as Turkey 's row with US deepens .
Thailand 's army says it has taken control of the government , suspended the constitution and will enact reforms after months of political turmoil .
The Pope tells cardinals there is a need to purge `` spiritual Alzheimer 's '' and `` the terrorism of gossip '' from the Vatican .
At least 717 people taking part in the Hajj pilgrimage have been killed in a stampede near the Islamic holy city of Mecca , Saudi officials say .
Scientists say they have pinpointed a gene responsible for grey hair - a discovery that could lead to new ways to delay or prevent this natural sign of ageing .
One of the world 's most famous gun-makers , Smith & Wesson , has nearly tripled profits for the three months to October .
The post was branded racially offensive and was widely adopted by alt-right social media accounts .
A militant from so-called Islamic State ( IS ) has publicly executed his mother because she encouraged him to leave the group , activists say .
Internet services are restored in North Korea after an almost unprecedented internet outage following a cyber security row with the US .
Israeli air strikes on Gaza and rocket fire on Israel continue , on the seventh day of Israel 's operation against Palestinian militants .
A BBC investigation finds working conditions at an Amazon warehouse in the UK that an expert in stress says could cause `` mental and physical illness '' .
The Mexican cartel leader 's trial in New York begins amid huge security measures .
The World Health Organization sees developing a vaccine as vital in stopping `` super-gonorrhoea '' .
Disabled athletes and models have told Newsbeat how disappointed they are with Brazilian Vogue 's publicity campaign for the 2016 Paralympics .
The `` unprecedented '' payout follows the actress 's claim her career was stifled by untrue articles .
The earliest evidence of cancer in the human fossil record has been discovered in South Africa , say researchers .
President Vladimir Putin informs parliament formally of Crimea 's request to join Russia and approves a draft bill on absorbing the peninsula .
The gap between the super rich and the rest of the world widened last year , claims Oxfam .
John Allen Chau 's family say he had `` nothing but love '' for the people of the island where he died .
Downing Street says calls to scrap President Trump 's state visit are a `` populist gesture '' .
At least 58 people have been killed after flash floods and landslides triggered by heavy monsoon rains hit northern Pakistan and India .
Police followed a `` trail of blood '' up the stairs after being called to Oscar Pistorius ' house , a retired officer tells the athlete 's murder trial .
Relatives of the Chinese passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight threaten a hunger strike over calls for better information .
Ethiopia declares a six-month state of emergency following months of anti-government protests by members of the two largest ethnic groups .
Producers of Spectre , the new James Bond film , say they are worried an early version of the script may be published online after it was stolen .
Nepal is to decide whether to re-open the route up Mount Everest to minimise the impact on the tourism industry , but the move is potentially controversial , the BBC 's Richard Galpin reports .
Bangladeshi Sahana Khatun , 10 , developed the first bark-like warts on her face four months ago .
The `` world-first '' proposal would stop registered sex offenders going overseas , the government says .
Trump administration officials accuse Russia of deploying a banned cruise missile .
This is the letter in full by the deputy attorney general , recommending Comey be sacked .
Scientists find the best evidence yet for a giant lake beneath the surface of Jupiter 's moon .
A toxicology report shows the bottled contained a substance used to combat nerve agents .
Donald Trump says he is open to keeping parts of the 2010 health bill that he had labelled a `` disaster '' .
Nations hope to move forward with the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal after America withdraws .
Spain is to begin the process of imposing direct rule on Catalonia after a disputed independence vote .
Iraq 's government loses control of its western borders after Sunni militants seize crossings into Syria and Jordan , reports say .
BBC Brasil 's Pablo Uchoa recalls the story of his father , one of the hundreds of Brazilians detained and tortured under two decades of military rule .
Manny Pacquiao is sued in Nevada after claims he lied about an injury sustained before his fight against Floyd Mayweather .
The mayor of the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv is shot and wounded amid fresh unrest as the US imposes new sanctions against Russian individuals .
Thai protesters launch what they are calling a shutdown of Bangkok in a bid to oust the government before snap elections on 2 February .
Australian PM Tony Abbott says teams searching for missing flight	MH370 jet are confident that signals detected are coming from its black box .
MPs approve same-sex marriage in England and Wales in a key Commons vote , although more Conservative MPs voted against the bill than for it .
Syria holds military exercises simulating responses to `` hostile attack '' , state TV says , as President Assad accuses the US of helping to destabilise his country .
Navy officials say Abhilash Tomy is conscious and safe after his ordeal in the middle of the sea .
Police in France have identified the third man behind the Bataclan attacks , Foued Mohamed-Aggad - but who was he and what led him to Paris ?
Three US soldiers are killed by a gunman wearing uniform in the province of Helmand , Nato says , the second such incident in a week .
There are suspicions that the migrants - mostly teenagers - may have been abused and murdered .
Rescuers must now extract the 12 boys and their teacher , discovered after nine nerve-wracking days .
Russia will hand to the UN evidence implicating Syrian rebels in the 21 August chemical attack , its foreign minister says .
France mobilises 115,000 police , gendarmes and military in the wake of Friday 's attacks by Islamist militants in Paris , says Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve .
The students were among 81 people kidnapped on Sunday in the restive Anglophone region .
The Duchess of Cambridge is in labour at a London hospital with her husband by her side , as the Royal Family awaits the birth of the third in line to the throne .
South Korea says silencing the propaganda broadcasts will help set the mood for the inter-Korean summit .
The wreck of the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia is afloat as one of the biggest maritime salvage operations in history makes progress .
More than 90 % of voters in Crimea back leaving Ukraine , exit polls say , and Crimea 's leader says a formal request to join Russia will be made on Monday .
Controversial Indian guru Rampal , who was arrested on Wednesday night after a week-long stand-off at his ashram in Haryana state , is remanded in custody until 28 November .
Pro-Russia militants take control of a police HQ in the east Ukraine city of Kramatorsk after a gun battle , local media and witnesses say .
Oscar Pistorius is found guilty of culpable homicide over the killing of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp , but is bailed until sentencing on 13 October .
Australia is investigating two objects seen on satellite images that could potentially be debris from the missing Malaysia Airlines plane , officials say .
The death of the US student has raised tensions , with North Korea calling Donald Trump a psychopath .
French finance minister says the Nissan boss is no longer capable of running the French carmaker .
Phil Rudd , drummer with Australian hard rock group AC/DC , unexpectedly pleads guilty at a New Zealand court to making a threat to kill .
One of the schoolgirls kidnapped from Chibok by Boko Haram is found with her six-month-old baby .
Cologne 's mayor calls crisis talks with police after about 80 women reported sexual assaults and mugging by men on New Year 's Eve .
The Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995 was Japan 's worst terror incident and left 13 dead .
Briton Paul Conroy has been rescued from the besieged Syrian city of Homs , but France 's President Sarkozy withdraws an earlier statement that wounded journalist Edith Bouvier is also safe .
The UN says the latest figure is `` so alarming '' and stresses the need for urgent action .
The impeachment of Zimbabwe 's president will start on Tuesday , a ruling party official says .
Allegations that Donald Trump was wiretapped are `` nonsense '' , the UK 's intelligence agency says .
Five people are in custody suspected of links to the man who killed 84 people in Nice , prosecutors say , as IS claims he was one of its followers .
Brazilian police clash with a gang blamed for `` the robbery of the century '' in neighbouring Paraguay .
Federal investigators suspect police in Acapulco resort have been infiltrated by drugs gangs .
A masked man armed with a sword kills a teacher and a pupil at a school in the Swedish town of Trollhattan before being shot by police .
Kim Yong-chol will be the most high-profile North Korean to visit the US in nearly 20 years .
A woman in Brazil gives birth after surgeons implant a womb in her body from a dead donor .
A profile of US journalist James Foley , who went missing in Syria in 2012 and has been murdered by Islamic State militants .
North Korea says it has arrested a US student accused of committing a `` hostile act '' against the state , `` to destroy the country 's unity '' .
Police in Mexico detain three people in connection with the disappearance on 26 May of a group of 12 young revellers from a bar in Mexico City .
Syria is planning another chemical attack , the US says , warning it would pay a `` heavy price '' .
They joined many other demonstrators who turned out for more than 600 rallies around the globe .
A statement by the Mexican president prompts Mr Trump to warn him over Washington talks .
The comments come amid uncertainty over whether the US will withdraw from the Paris agreement .
Experts say Malaysia Airlines flight 370 is unlikely to be found in the current search area .
It is the first ever case that is resistant to the main antibiotic treatment .
Planes bring back to the UK hundreds of tourists who were stranded in Sharm el-Sheikh , but only eight out of 29 planned Friday flights have operated .
Foreign policy dominated the latest Republican debate , but there was little discussion about Donald Trump 's Muslim immigration ban proposal .
The government says the `` change in trends '' is a result of Donald Trump 's tough immigration policies .
The search for AirAsia Indonesia flight QZ8501 ends for a second day , after a senior official says the plane is probably at the bottom of the sea .
The Islamic State group 's propaganda magazine confirms the British militant known as Jihadi John died in a drone strike in November .
Australia 's government suggests some communities should restrict the sale of the popular Vegemite spread because it is used to make alcohol .
Philippine President Duterte draws sharp criticism after kissing a Filipina worker on stage .
Hashtag takes off after fans post their tributes to the Humboldt Broncos players killed in a crash on Friday .
Getty Images , the world 's largest photo agency , makes millions of its pictures free to use , in an effort to combat piracy .
Only two chicks survived in a colony of 36,000 in a `` catastrophic '' breeding season in east Antarctica .
Eric Frein killed an officer before hiding in the Pennsylvania mountains in 2014 , sparking a manhunt .
A Christian girl , who has been detained on blasphemy charges for three weeks in Pakistan , is granted bail .
Illegal drugs are now cheaper and purer than at any time over the last 20 years , suggesting the global `` war on drugs '' has failed , researchers warn .
Nine South African policemen plead not guilty to murdering a taxi driver who was filmed being dragged behind a police van before being found dead .
Thousands are without power as the remnants of Hurricane Ophelia reaches the British Isles .
Senegal 's health ministry confirms a first case of Ebola , making it the fifth West African country now affected by the outbreak .
Panama seizes a North Korean-flagged ship carrying `` undeclared military cargo '' suspected to be `` sophisticated missile equipment '' , its president says .
Breastfeeding can halve the risk of post-natal depression , according to a study of nearly 14,000 new mothers .
Ukrainian authorities say they have seized back control of one government building from pro-Russia separatists in the east , and hope to retake two others .
A handful of families are cursed with “ fatal insomnia ” , a cruel disease that leads to months of sleepless nights and terrible exhaustion .	Will a controversial cure save their lives ?
An annular eclipse , in which the Moon partially blocks out light from the Sun , has moved across east Asia and the western US .
An obituary of US aid worker Abdul-Rahman Kassig , known as Peter Kassig before he converted to Islam , who as reportedly been killed by Islamic State fighters .
The `` big maple leaf '' coin , which shows Queen Elizabeth II , weighs 100kg and is made of pure gold .
A speedily repaired giant sinkhole in Japan showed weekend signs of subsidence , officials say .
More than 60 women and girls abducted by the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram	are reported to have escaped , security sources say .
At least 12 local guides have been killed after an avalanche on the slopes of Mount Everest , officials in Nepal say .
China 's swimming star Fu Yuanhui spoke about her period during the Olympics - sparking a discussion about competing during menstruation , and tampons , online .
Russia 's President Putin asks the US to present to the UN evidence behind claims that Syria was responsible for chemical weapons attacks .
Hunters may soon be allowed to lure bears with doughnuts and bacon , and shoot hibernating cubs .
How approaches to the Muslim veil differ across Europe .
One of two British explorer ships that vanished in the Arctic more than 160 years ago has been found , Canada 's prime minister says .
Canada 's PM-designate Justin Trudeau tells the US president he will be withdrawing Canadian fighter jets from the air strikes against Islamic State .
Peggy Whitson has broken the record for most days in space by a US astronaut .
The father of the fugitive former US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden arrives in Russia and later reportedly meets his son at an undisclosed location .
Kim Yo-jong 's Olympics visit will be the first by a member of the North 's ruling dynasty .
People affected by the ban react cautiously as airlines allow them to board flights to America again .
An attack by knife-wielding men at a railway station in Kunming , south-west China , has left at least 29 people dead , the state news agency says .
Thousands back a Paris bus driver after he was caught on camera slapping a boy , 12 , for `` disrespect '' .
The picture puts a spotlight on benefits being stripped out of latest healthcare bill revisions .
A coup is launched in Burundi to try to overthrow President Pierre Nkurunziza , amid unrest over his bid to be re-elected to a third term .
Spain 's top court agrees to hear a paternity claim made against the former King Juan Carlos , by a woman claiming she is his daughter .
The body of Carla Stefaniak was found near an Airbnb property in Costa Rica where she was on holiday .
The president continues his threats against the Central American nations as the convoy heads north .
South Africa 's top detective is to take over the Oscar Pistorius investigation amid attempted murder accusations against the current lead officer .
The Iraqi army says it has driven off militants attacking the country 's biggest oil refinery amid reports that most of it is in militant hands .
The number of people who die each year taking a selfie is on the rise but a team of US researchers now hope they can tackle the problem .
More than 20 people die in fresh violence in Egypt , as supporters of ousted President Mohammed Morsi clash again with security forces .
The US envoy urges the `` strongest possible measures '' against North Korea after its nuclear bomb test .
Russian Sergei Skripal is no longer in a critical condition , doctors say , after nerve agent poisoning .
Ukraine , Georgia and Moldova sign partnership agreements with the European Union , a move Russia says will have serious consequences .
An Indian woman gives birth to a 15lb ( 6.82kg )	baby girl , who doctors say could be the heaviest child ever born in the country .
Israel 's air strikes on military targets in Syria show co-ordination between Israel and `` terrorist groups '' , the Syrian foreign ministry says .
China is trying to interfere in US mid-terms to hurt his party , he says , without offering evidence .
North and South Korea gymnasts at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games	show the world a moment of unity , in the form of a selfie .
The US and Russia reach an agreement on Syria , starting with a cessation of hostilities on Monday and followed by joint action against so-called Islamic State .
The Australian woman credited with creating the burkini says bans on the full-bodied Islamic swimsuit in France have boosted sales .
Governor John Kasich 's site is one of those attacked , posting a threat to President Donald Trump .
An Egyptian military court made a mistake by sentencing a four-year-old boy to life in jail for murder , the military 's spokesman acknowledges .
Xbox and PlayStation make progress in restoring their gaming sites after a hacking attack that caused severe problems over Christmas .
US President Barack Obama warns Syrian President Bashar al-Assad he will face `` consequences '' if he uses chemical weapons against his people .
The hurricane strikes the Turks and Caicos Islands as 14 deaths are confirmed across the Caribbean .
Mr Trump also condemned the `` dark fantasy '' of life in North Korea during his speech in Seoul .
The third officer was at the helm of the ferry that capsized off South Korea , investigators say , as divers work to access the sunken hull .
Mount Vesuvius erupted on 24 August , 79 AD - or at least , that 's what historians thought until now .
The backpacker was repeatedly attacked during a road trip across the Australian outback , police say .
The US Secretary of State reacts to an author 's claim that the president 's staff saw him as a child .
Roman Catholic cardinals are beginning the process of electing the next Pope following the historic resignation of Benedict XVI .
People tell us about the day they met Princess Diana at various stages of her life .
Iraq 's PM condemns IS 's destruction of an ancient landmark as troops advance in Mosul 's Old City .
The fast food giant will swap plastic straws for paper ones in all its UK and Ireland restaurants .
Israel vows retribution against Hamas , the militant Palestinian group it says kidnapped and murdered three teenagers in the occupied West Bank .
An internationally-brokered cessation of hostilities begins in Syria , but it is unclear whether rebel factions will abide by it .
France declares a national state of emergency after at least 128 people are killed and more than 180 wounded in gun and bomb attacks in Paris .
A 22-year-old photojournalist has been gang-raped by five men in the Indian city of Mumbai , police say , in another case sparking outrage .
Sana Muhammad 's baby was born shortly after she was fatally attacked in her east London home .
Gemologists in Sri Lanka claim that the largest blue sapphire yet , weighing 1404.49 carats , has been discovered in a mine in the country .
US President Obama says he has not yet decided on military action in Syria , but has concluded its government did carry out a chemical attack .
President-elect Donald Trump backs Wikileaks founder over alleged Russian meddling in the US election .
A state of emergency is declared in the US city of Baltimore amid violent protests linked to the death of a black man fatally injured in police custody .
Legal action in eight US states seeks to ban the blueprints , published four days ahead of the planned date .
Prosecutors in South Korea seek an arrest warrant for a Korean Air executive at the centre of a storm over how nuts were served to her on a plane .
Six Russian fighter jets are intercepted by American and Canadian planes off the coast of Alaska on Wednesday , US defence officials confirm .
Hungarians are warned to prepare for `` the worst floods of all time '' as the Danube is set to reach record levels in the coming days .
Somali militant group Al-Shabab tells the BBC it carried out an attack on a Nairobi shopping centre in which at least 39 people died , and where hostages remain trapped .
More than 500 people are injured when a fire tears through crowds at a party at a water park outside Taiwan 's capital Taipei .
A tool said to have been created by the US but later leaked was instrumental in a global cyber-attack .
At least seven people are reported killed as a top hotel in the Afghan capital , Kabul , comes under attack by gunmen and suicide bombers .
The human remains could help solve the disappearance of a teenage girl in 1983 , Italian media report .
Haiti declares three national days of mourning after a power line fell on to a carnival float in the capital , Port au Prince .
Oklahomans had only limited access to safe rooms and shelters during the storm .	People who live in Tornado Alley explain why .
Royal Bank of Scotland is fined £390m ( $ 610m ) by UK and US authorities for its part in the Libor rate-fixing scandal .
The president of Iraq 's autonomous Kurdistan Region , Massoud Barzani , tells the BBC he intends to hold a referendum on independence within months .
The death toll in the heatwave sweeping India passes 1,000 , with temperatures nearing 50C ( 122F ) in some areas .
How Soundgarden 's not-so-secret weapon became one of grunge 's leading lights .
A girl who was allegedly raped by her stepfather when she was 10 gives birth in Paraguay after being denied an abortion by the authorities .
A Japanese magnetic levitation train breaks its own world speed record , hitting 603km/h ( 374mph ) on a test run near Mount Fuji .
China 's first lunar rover - Jade Rabbit - has woken up from its dormancy period despite experiencing mechanical problems , state media report .
Katrina Bookman took a selfie showing the machine saying `` printing cash ticket $ 42,949,672.76 '' .
The 23-year-old , thought to be a backpacker , was bitten on a fishing trawler , authorities say .
The leader and deputy of a far-right British political group 's Twitter accounts are frozen .
A decade on , some of the big consequences of the financial crisis are also the most surprising .
At least 77 people are now known to have died and more than 100 injured in the train derailment at Santiago de Compostela in north-western Spain .
A man who was in a Vice documentary about Charlottesville faces charges over his role in the clashes .
Egypt 's president describes claims that militants linked to Islamic State brought down a Russian airliner - killing all 224 people on board - as `` propaganda '' .
A single monkey causes a nationwide blackout in Kenya after falling on to a transformer at a power station .
Moscow says the stress on countering Russia is confrontational .
The genre-defining zombie movie filmmaker George A Romero dies in his sleep at 77 , his manager says .
Sadiq Khan hits back at Donald Trump , saying he wo n't allow the US president to divide communities .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon pushes for an end to the Gaza conflict with a call in Israel for both sides to `` start talking '' .
Tunisian man Anis Amri is named as the prime suspect in the hunt for the Berlin lorry attacker .
Legendary Mexican singer Juan Gabriel dies aged 66 of a heart attack in California , just days after performing at the prestigious Los Angeles Forum .
Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams apologises for using a racist term in a tweet comparing the plight of slaves in the United States to the treatment of Irish nationalists .
What are the nerve agents the Wiltshire couple were exposed to and how dangerous are they ?
Hundreds of thousands of people in Cairo 's Tahrir Square mark one week since the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak and to press for political reforms .
The Nobel Peace Prize winner was shot by the Taliban in 2012 for campaigning for girls ' education .
The second day of an international search for a missing Malaysian airliner concludes without any sightings of debris in the southern Indian Ocean .
A Jordanian policeman opens fire at a police training centre outside Amman , killing two Americans , a South African and two Jordanians , officials say .
Two criminal inquiries into corruption at football 's world governing body Fifa are under way , as seven high-ranking officials are arrested in Zurich .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have posed for an official photograph with their baby son ahead of their tour of Australia and New Zealand .
North Korea 's top diplomat was responding to the US president 's vow to `` totally destroy '' the country .
More than a thousand private guards are withdrawn at Pyeongchang as 41 suffer vomiting and diarrhoea .
A new study estimates there are just 7,100 now left in the wild as they face growing conflict with humans .
Two 18-year-old women from London have had acid thrown in their faces on the east African island of Zanzibar , police say .
Coral bleaching has hit two-thirds of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef within two years , surveys show .
The US and Russian leaders say they want to repair ties during a tense G20 summit in Hamburg .
An Australian surfer makes an incredible escape after encountering two sharks during a competition in South Africa .
The boys are seen wrapped in blankets and with divers , as a huge operation continues to free them .
Many passengers suffered fractures as they were hurled around the cabin 40 minutes before landing .
Four women have had new vaginas grown in the laboratory and implanted by doctors in the US .
At least nine people , including two policemen , are killed during anti-government protests in Kiev , in the worst violence seen in Ukraine in weeks .
Four Russian cruise missiles fired at Syria from the Caspian Sea on Wednesday landed in Iran , unnamed US officials say , but Russia insists they all hit their targets .
Fidel Ángel Castro Díaz-Balart , known as `` Fidelito '' , is found dead in Cuba .
A brief guide to the man appointed to oversee the process of devolving more powers to Scotland .
Russia and China step up their warnings against any military intervention in Syria , after the US says there is `` undeniable '' evidence of a chemical attack .
Ambulances are diverted and appointments cancelled as a ransomware infects NHS computers .
A gunman seizes hostages at a kosher shop in Paris as police in a northern French town corner the two Charlie Hebdo massacre suspects .
Some female runners with naturally high testosterone levels will have to race against men or change events unless they take medication , from 1 November .
Samples are taken from the painter 's body to settle a paternity case brought by a tarot card reader .
Syrian seven-year-old Bana Alabed , who tweeted about life in Aleppo , meets Turkey 's President Erdogan .
Meghan Markle says she feels `` wonderful '' before her wedding - while Harry is `` relaxed , of course '' .
Syria 's most senior diplomat in the UK is resigning from his London post over his government 's `` violent and oppressive '' actions , the Foreign Office says .
UK Prime Minister David Cameron and US President Barack Obama threaten a `` serious response '' if it emerges that Syria has used chemical weapons .
A freelancer working for NBC News in Liberia is to be flown home to the US after contracting the virus , which has claimed more than 3,000 lives .
AirAsia boss Tony Fernandes says he is `` devastated '' that a plane carrying 162 people from Indonesia to Singapore has gone missing .
An appeals court orders a retrial for Nicholas Slatten , jailed for the murder of 14 Iraqi civilians .
The women 's university at the centre of Saturday 's deadly twin attacks in the Pakistani city of Quetta is shut down until further notice .
Ten people are injured as a van is driven into shoppers at a Christmas market in Nantes , with reports the driver then stabbed himself .
Gunmen kidnap an Iraqi female journalist who has campaigned against corruption in the country .
Unrest is reported in several cities , including at Tehran University in the capital .
More than 30 people are believed to have been killed in attacks at Brussels ' main airport and a metro station , as an image of three suspects emerges .
BP says it has taken a big step towards permanently sealing its ruptured Gulf of Mexico well , as new figures suggest most of the oil has already been dealt with .
The US president 's lawyers accuse Steve Bannon of defaming Mr Trump in comments in a new book .
The militants suspected of the gun attack on education activist Malala Yousafzai in 2012 are arrested , Pakistan 's army says .
Japan faces its longest period without nuclear power for four decades , as it shuts down its last reactor amid public concerns after Fukushima .
The actress linked to French President Francois Hollande , Julie Gayet , sues the magazine that published photos of their alleged affair .
The French parliament approves a bill legalising same-sex marriage and adoption , after a divisive public debate .
The country condemns the US-backed United Nations moves against its missile and nuclear programmes .
The US president says his Mid-East trip is `` already paying off '' and might help end terrorism .
Venezuela public sector employees are told to work only Monday and Tuesday until the country overcomes a worsening energy crisis .
A near-complete skeleton of an extinct dodo is expected to fetch half a million pounds at auction .	But who put it together and how did they do it ?
The Nigerian army says it has freed 97 women and girls from Boko Haram , including one taken from Chibok school , however this is disputed .
A homeless man did not commit a crime when he stole small quantities of food , an Italian court rules , because he clearly acted out of need .
Two gunmen are shot dead in a Dallas suburb after they opened fire outside a contest for cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad , US police say .
A North Korean soldier walks across the DMZ to defect to the South , officials say , in what is an extremely rare occurrence .
An article on Chinese state media that said Taiwan 's new leader Tsai Ing-wen has an `` extremist style '' because she is single prompts outrage online .
Iraq 's army routs Sunni militants during a major offensive on the northern city of Tikrit , state media say , but the insurgents deny the claim .
Residents in besieged eastern Aleppo tell the BBC why they still stay in the shattered section of the city .
Comments by Russian President Putin come a day after a teenager killed 20 people at a college .
The cartoons and photoshops being shared as the US and Russian presidents meet at the G20 summit in Germany
Syria 's assault on the city of Aleppo is a `` nail in the coffin '' of President Assad , says US Defence Secretary Leon Panetta as he starts a Middle-East tour .
Among them is Shoko Asahara , leader of the cult behind the deadly 1995 subway poisoning .
A private plane tailed by US fighter jets when it failed to respond to air traffic control , crashes off Jamaica , with an American couple on board .
At least 14 children at a Chongqing pre-school are injured by a woman wielding a kitchen knife .
The United Nations cultural agency Unesco names Iraq 's southern marshes - once decimated by Saddam Hussein - a World Heritage Site .
A theme park in Japan closes a skating rink featuring frozen dead fish after receiving complaints .
Saudi Arabia 's allies cut or downgrade their diplomatic ties with Iran , after the Saudi embassy in Tehran is attacked over a Shia cleric 's execution .
Kenyan officials say they are in the final stages of bringing to an end the deadly stand-off with suspected al-Shabab militants in Nairobi .
Nigerian police offer a $ 300,000 reward for help to rescue girls abducted by Islamist militants , said to have killed 300 people in a recent attack .
The leader of the al-Nusra Front , one of the main jihadist groups fighting in Syria , pledges allegiance to the chief of al-Qaeda .
Islamic State ( IS ) militants post a video online which appears to show a young boy shooting dead an Israeli Arab man accused of being a spy .
A 7.6 earthquake rocks northern Chile , a day after an 8.2 tremor killed six people , and forces the visiting president to evacuate .
Funerals are being held in Peshawar after Pakistan 's deadliest Taliban attack left 132 children and nine staff dead at a school .
An alleged attack on a gay couple in the Netherlands has sparked a solidarity campaign on social media .
Qatar Airways ' Akbar al-Baker offers `` my heartfelt apologies for any offence caused by my comment '' .
Trump Jr is accused of exploiting the tragedy by taking the London mayor 's comments out of context .