Two inmates testified Saturday that Amanda Knox , the American student convicted of murder in Italy , was not actually involved in the killing of her roommate .	But they offered two different accounts on who the actual killers were .
Donald Trump made Steve Bannon .	And , on Tuesday , he unmade him .
Newt Gingrich says the atrocities in Syria are deplorable , but there 's no desirable side to back in the civil war ; the U.S. should n't intervene .
The Obama administration is stepping up security for some flights headed to the United States .
Women can transmit Zika too , says CDC , and urges all pregnant women who have traveled to Zika-infected areas to use barrier methods very time they have sex .
A Saudi prince was found guilty Tuesday of murdering an aide at a London hotel in February , in a case prosecutors said had a sexual element .
Donald Trump wants to cancel Air Force One order from Boeing , citing 'out of control ' costs topping $ 4 billion .
The Philippines ' most active volcano has begun erupting again , after thousands of people on the main island of Luzon were earlier forced to evacuate .
In the dark of night , U.S. helicopters approached a high-walled compound in Pakistan on a mission to capture or kill one of the world 's most notorious terrorist leaders .
The Bush political dynasty added another member Monday :	Sully HW Bush , a yellow Labrador service dog for former President George HW Bush .
When Coral Springs police officers arrived at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida , on February 14 in the midst of the school shooting crisis , many officers were surprised to find not only that Broward County Sheriff 's Deputy Scot Peterson , the armed school resource officer , had not entered the building , but that three other Broward County Sheriff 's deputies were also outside the school and had not entered , Coral Springs sources tell CNN .	The deputies had their pistols drawn and were behind their vehicles , the sources said , and not one of them had gone into the school .
Shouting `` Shame !	Shame !	Shame ! ''	anti-Trump protesters awaited the President as he returned to New York City on Monday night for the first time since taking office .
UFC President Dana White tells CNN Sport	he is proud of the way the city has responded to the worst mass shooting in modern US history
Self-help guru James Ray has been convicted of negligent homicide in the deaths of three participants in an Arizona sweat lodge ceremony , but he was found not guilty of manslaughter charges .
A teen arrested in Wednesday 's school stabbings in Pennsylvania has been charged as an adult , a source close to the investigation told CNN .
Four have died in the span of four days on Mount Everest , including a Sherpa and two Westerners .	Two other climbers are missing .
A woman opened fire Tuesday at the YouTube headquarters in northern California then apparently took her own life , officials said .	At least three people were injured in the incident .
A 5-year-old boy is recovering in a Denver hospital after being attacked by a mountain lion , officials said .
Three police officers in Puerto Rico were killed by a fellow officer at police headquarters in the city of Ponce , Puerto Rican police said via Twitter on Monday .
Director Spike Lee endorsed Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders in an ad telling South Carolina voters to `` Wake up ! ''
Lego has unveiled its first ever disabled minifigure -- a boy in a wheelchair .
More than 84 million people tuned in to see Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off , setting a new record in the sixty year history of televised presidential debates .
One of the top predators of the Jurassic period was n't a dinosaur but a bone-crushing giant crocodile called Razana , according to a new study .
The cargo passenger modules will be available in Airbus A330 jets by 2020 .
Police near the U.S. Capitol opened fire Thursday on a car being chased by authorities from near the White House .
Four children died after someone at their home sprayed water on an applied pesticide , causing a reaction that resulted in toxic gas , officials in Amarillo , Texas , said .
A record-breaking Lego tower stretching 36 meters into the sky has been built in the Hungarian capital Budapest .
GE is one of America 's most widely held stocks , and countless shareholders , including retirees , rely on the dividend payments .
Peyton West , 13 , lived a full life in the five months since his heart transplant , his father said .	But on Thursday , he died unexpectedly on the first day of eighth grade .
Leanna Harris , mother of Georgia toddler who died in a hot car , has told authorities that she researched such deaths , police affidavit says .
The winter storm sweeping across the southern United States revealed its power Saturday by dropping 10 inches of snow on Lubbock , Texas -- 2 inches more than the city usually gets in a whole year .
( CNN )	-- Ann Romney will describe her husband , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , as a problem solver who `` has helped lift up others '' in her Tuesday primetime speech at the Republican National Convention , according to excerpts released by the Romney campaign .
Message credits Sony executives for a 'very wise ' decision to cancel 'Interview ' release .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Friday expressed `` profound grief '' for the millions killed in World War II and remorse for his country 's participation , but said that future Japanese generations should n't need to keep apologizing .
US President Donald Trump called the leader of China and spoke with the governor of Guam on Friday amid mounting tensions with North Korea .
The 13 children of David and Louise Turpin , the California couple accused of holding their children captive and torturing 12 of them , are now enjoying freedom in three separate homes in Riverside County , authorities said on Monday .
The makers of Cadbury Creme Eggs are walking on eggshells with fans of the beloved Easter treat after a recent tweak in the recipe .
Officials : Boko Haram kidnaps 185 women and children , and kills 32 people , targeting men with shootings .
U.S. officials say several key indicators bolster their initial impression that Osama bin Laden had a support network in Pakistan that resulted in his staying in one location for the past several years , feeling comfortable he would not get caught .
Death rates from liver cancer increased 43 % for American adults from 2000 to 2016 , according to a report released Tuesday .
Jackline Mwende 's hands were butchered and she was left with injuries to her head after she was brutally attacked by her husband with a machete .
All Americans who presented themselves at the United Nations camp in Bor , South Sudan , were evacuated safely Sunday , the State Department says .
Could your smartphone really give you a lethal electric shock ?
Adrian Lamo , the former computer hacker who tipped off federal authorities to WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning , says two men in the Boston area have told Lamo in phone conversations that they assisted Manning .
Donald Trump continued Thursday night his sharp attack on Sen. Ted Cruz 's past comments about the Empire State -- and he did it without saying the Texas senator 's name .
Marc Leder says `` all Americans should have the opportunity to succeed . ''	FORTUNE -- Mitt Romney has spent the past day playing defense , after a video was released of the GOP presidential candidate disparaging 47 % of Americans during a private fundraising dinner .	Now
It 's easy to forget , after a whirlwind 82 days in the White House , that chief strategist Steve Bannon only formally joined Donald Trump 's presidential campaign fewer than three months before Election Day .
The outing of a `` Survivor '' cast member on television has sparked outrage .
The president 's spokesman disputed a Washington Post item that suggested the commander-in-chief has not attended the Presidential Daily Brief ( PDB ) ''	more than half the time . ''	The PDB is a daily rundown of threats and developments as assessed by the national security community .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture has slapped the parent company of the `` Greatest Show on Earth '' with a record penalty for alleged animal welfare violations .
Colin Kaepernick , who is still a free agent , filed a grievance against NFL team owners in which he alleges that they colluded to keep him unsigned .
Hooded gunmen broke into a building near Acapulco , Mexico , and raped six women after tying up a group of men , authorities said .
The leaders of both parties in the House of Representatives voiced support Tuesday for Obama 's call for American strikes against government forces in Syria .
There are talks underway between Laura Ingraham and Fox News executives , but no decisions have been finalized .
Former Rhode Island Gov .	Lincoln Chafee ended his long-shot bid for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination , he announced Friday .
California coroner officially rules the death of actor and comedian Robin Williams was a suicide .	No alcohol or illegal drugs involved , office says .
Two men charged with murder and another being held on armed robbery charges escaped early Saturday from a rural Alabama county jail , a local sheriff said .
An Ebola outbreak has killed at least 59 people in Guinea , UNICEF said , as the deadly hemorrhagic fever has quickly spread in the West African nation .
Mayor Luigi Brugnaro proposes a fine of about €500 ( about $ 585 ) for Venice tourists who sit down in an undesignated spot .	Will this latest effort to curb rampant tourism stand ?
The Senate approved a short-term spending measure Thursday night to keep the government open through January 19 , avoiding a government shutdown ahead of a Friday deadline .
At least 23 people have died as a result of the wildfires burning in California
An officer who supervised the Army private accused in the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history said she recommended his removal from a secure computer room .
Hostess , maker of Twinkies , Wonder Bread and Ding Dongs , says strike by bakers forcing its closing .
( CNN )	- President Barack Obama will spend the bulk of Tuesday 's State of the Union address talking about jobs and the economy , administration officials have told CNN .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she hopes to stay on the Supreme Court until the age of 90 .
Ad time for next Sunday 's `` All-American Muslim '' episode is apparently sold out , despite Lowe 's decision to pull its ads from the TLC reality series .
In the debate over whether Democrats should go low against President Donald Trump and Republican lawmakers or rise above partisan attacks , count former Attorney General Eric Holder as an advocate of getting into the gutter .
President Donald Trump 's National Security Advisor Michael Flynn condemned Wednesday Iran 's recent ballistic missile test launch , calling it a `` provocative '' breach of a UN Security Council resolution .
Key House Democrats are calling on Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes to recuse himself from an investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia , widening a stunning partisan split over the probe .
President Bill Clinton told vocal Bernie Sanders supporters at a campaign rally Sunday in Los Angeles that they would be `` toast '' on Tuesday .
The fatal shooting of Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier last summer -- allegedly at the hands of an undocumented immigrant deported five times from the United States -- became a focal point of an angry national debate over illegal immigration .
After 13 years , the Hamburglar is back at McDonald 's .	But you might not recognize him .
A U.S. Navy drone crashed Monday in a marsh near Salisbury , Maryland .
The U.S. is investigating what it believes are `` credible '' reports that ISIS fighters used mustard agent in an attack against Kurdish Peshmerga this week , causing several of them to fall ill , U.S. officials working in at least three separate parts of the Obama administration said Thursday .
Sen. Marco Rubio is `` uniquely qualified '' to talk about the future , his adviser tells CNN .
A gunman and another person were killed during a shooting Tuesday at a medical building at Renown Medical Center in Reno , Nevada .
The CNN Political Ticker is the hottest destination for the latest political news with dispatches , behind-the-scenes reports , and expert commentary , 24-7 .	For the latest political news from CNN 's Best Political Team , with campaign coverage , 24-7 .
Three people were taken to the hospital Thursday after Saudi security forces fired on scores of protesters in the city of Qatif , according to two witnesses and an activist .
American journalist Michael Scott Moore , held for more than two years by Somali pirates , has been freed , Moore 's family and a Somali official told CNN .
Four young men were burned to death in Hama province Wednesday when regime forces set fire to a house , an opposition group said .
The work stoppage by West Virginia 's public school teachers and staff looks set to continue Tuesday .
Their two cars collided when the three men were chasing a tornado in Texas , authorities said .
The CNN Political Ticker is the hottest destination for the latest political news with dispatches , behind-the-scenes reports , and expert commentary , 24-7 .	For the latest political news from CNN 's Best Political Team , with campaign coverage , 24-7 .
A British MP quit his post after turning up late in the House of Lords , saying he was 'ashamed ' of himself -- before later un-resigning after the prime minister rejected his exit as `` unnecessary . ''
Mike Downey , Randy Cohen , Jeff Pearlman , John Hoberman and others weigh in on whether Lance Armstrong should be allowed to compete again .
Named for man who quit hotel job with help of marching band , 'Joey Quits ' Tumblr lets hotel workers complain about their jobs .
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad was stripped of gold in men 's 3,000m steeeplechase at the European championships for removing his vest in the home straight .
Sarah Palin filed a lawsuit against the New York Times on Tuesday alleging that a recent editorial falsely portrayed her as responsible for inciting the 2011 shooting of Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords .
Republican Senator John McCain ( AZ ) took to the Senate floor Wednesday to criticize fellow Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann ( MN ) and four other Republican members of Congress about their request that various agencies investigate whether the government has been infiltrated by Muslim extremists .
ISIS killed 33 people execution-style in eastern Syria on Wednesday , according to a monitoring group .
After an apparent hourslong standoff between police and a gunman , three women were found dead Friday night at the Veterans Home of California in Yountville , authorities said .
If you wake up early enough on Tuesday , you might see some shooting stars .
Four Americans were killed in an apparent suicide bomb attack early Saturday at Bagram Airfield , the largest US base in Afghanistan , US Defense Secretary Ash Carter said .
Washington ( CNN ) – President Barack Obama attended the Gridiron Club and Foundation ’ s annual dinner in Washington Saturday night , even cracking a joke on forced budget cuts along the way .	The annual event brings together politicians and Washington ’	s media elite .
Melania Trump says she 'd work to improve a social media culture that has gotten `` too mean and too tough '' -- riddled with insults based on `` looks and intelligence '' -- if she becomes first lady .
Greg Gianforte , the Montana congressman-elect who was accused of `` body slamming '' a reporter , pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault Monday morning .
A large concentration of bioluminescent plankton has formed in the water near San Diego , treating late-night beachgoers to its eerie , electric blue glow .
Fox News analyst Andrew Napolitano is standing by his claim , still without evidence , that former President Obama worked with British intelligence officials to spy on Donald Trump .
An American imprisoned in the United Arab Emirates after posting a video that parodied Dubai teens will be released this week , a family spokeswoman said Tuesday .
The search of a New York City basement for clues in the disappearance of a 6-year-old boy has ended with no `` obvious '' human remains found .
Justin Ross Harris , the Georgia man accused of murder after leaving his toddler in a hot car , was `` a great father , '' petition signers said .
As a record-breaking heat wave grips Britain , some teenage boys are protesting their school 's `` no shorts '' policy by donning skirts instead .
The `` Star Wars '' actor takes to Twitter to respond to critics of her appearance in `` The Force Awakens . ''
A man suspected of killing four people and injuring two others in a 10-minute shooting spree in Herkimer County , New York , is believed to be surrounded by police , authorities said Wednesday .
George Zimmerman -- a Florida man charged with murder in the February shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin -- was released from jail on Friday , a day after a judge set a new bail amount .
Washington ( CNN ) -- As the crisis in the Ukraine continues , a new national poll indicates that for the first time in more than a decade , more than half of Americans see Russia as a serious threat to the U.S .
Devo guitarist Bob Casale died Monday , his brother and band mate announced Tuesday .	Casale was 61 .
The deal ending the shutdown may not have put a dent in Obamacare , but the battle over implementing the health coverage law is not over .
Chicago 's mayor and police superintendent said that every officer who responds to service calls will have a Taser in the patrol car and officers will be properly trained to use them .
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has doubled down on defending his company 's decision not to kick far-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones off its platform .
In a dramatic reversal , MSNBC has decided to bring back Sam Seder as a contributor , days after the two sides parted ways over an old tweet of Seder 's that had drawn right-wing criticism .
A former Trump World Tower doorman who says he has knowledge of an alleged affair President Donald Trump had with an ex-housekeeper , which resulted in a child , is now able to talk about a contract he entered with American Media Inc. that had prohibited him from discussing the matter with anyone , according to his attorney .
U.S .	Ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert was attacked in Seoul , according to U.S. government sources in the U.S. and South Korea .
The number of sexual assaults reported during commercial airline flights is increasing `` at an alarming rate , '' the FBI said Wednesday , and the number of actual cases could be much higher .
President Donald Trump said Friday he wants Attorney General Jeff Sessions to investigate and uncover the identity of the senior administration official who penned an anonymous op-ed in The New York Times this week .
Donald Trump declared himself the unquestionable winner of his first debate against Hillary Clinton during a rally Tuesday night , then relived the entire debate before a Florida crowd of supporters , this time with the help of a teleprompter -- and without Clinton baiting him .
President Barack Obama travels to the Republican heartland of Kansas to sound themes similar to those in a famous 1910 speech by Teddy Roosevelt .
Julianna Snow , the 5-year-old girl who sparked an international conversation about wrenchingly difficult decisions for terminally ill children , died Tuesday .
Captured convict David Sweat is listed in critical condition at Albany Medical Center , a hospital official told reporters Sunday night .
George Zimmerman -- the man acquitted over the death of Trayvon Martin -- was arrested Friday in Florida on suspicion of domestic violence with a weapon .
An Argentine navy submarine with 44 crew members has been missing for three days after the navy lost contact with it off the country 's Atlantic coast , the military service says .
Two U.S. F/A-18 jet fighters bombed artillery batteries of Sunni Islamic extremists in Iraq on Friday , Pentagon spokesman says .
U.S. advises airlines with direct flights serving Russia to be aware of the possibility that explosive materials could be hidden in toothpaste , cosmetic tubes .
Utah GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch said Monday it is `` ridiculous '' that ailing Sen. John McCain , also a Republican , does n't want President Donald Trump to attend his funeral , as was reported over the weekend .
Showtime says comedian Sacha Baron Cohen did not claim to be a disabled veteran to secure any interview subjects for his series `	` Who Is America , '' despite claims from former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin to the contrary .
The pastor at the Atlanta megachurch asked married couples celebrating anniversaries to come to the front .
Republican Senate candidate Kelli Ward apologized Monday for suggesting an announcement by Sen. John McCain 's family that he would end his cancer treatment was designed to hurt her campaign , saying her comment had been misinterpreted .
Kalashnikovs sell out in the wake of U.S. sanctions .
A Chilean girl 's plea for an assisted suicide caught the attention of the person the teen thinks could make it happen : President Michelle Bachelet .
The IMF downgraded its forecast for Venezuela as the country spirals deeper into an economic , political and humanitarian crisis .
Eric Shinseki resigned Friday as the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs , leaving behind the daunting task of repairing a broken health care system .
Before his arrest , Tad Cummins passed himself off as a down-on-his luck man who 'd just lost his job and home , says the man who eventually tipped police .
For more on Casey Anthony 's sentence read our full story here .	[ Updated at 11:34 a.m. ] Casey Anthony will be released on July 13 , 2011 , according to a court spokesperson .	The spokeswoman said she would release more information about the calculation as soon as it was available .
A prominent gay rights attorney who led lawsuits legalizing same-sex marriage set himself on fire in Brooklyn on Saturday morning in a fatal plea for action on issues related to the environment .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Wednesday that a report that Rep. Mick Mulvaney did not pay more than $ 15,000 in payroll taxes for a household employee was `` disqualifying '' for him to serve as White House budget director .
Peter Kassig went to the Mideast as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker , feeling compelled to help victims of war .	Now he is being held by ISIS .
Presidents-elect normally answer questions at a press conference a few days after the election .	But Donald Trump has gone almost two months without holding one .
The well beneath the oil rig that erupted in a deadly blast last week in the Gulf of Mexico is leaking oil at a rate of about 42,000 gallons a day , according to recent Coast Guard statement .
A 10-year-old Mexican girl with Down syndrome is among the thousands of children who have been separated from their parents at the southern US border , Mexico 's foreign minister said .
Animal rights groups in Japan have raised the alarm over a dolphin , 46 penguins and hundreds of fish and reptiles that are locked in an aquarium that has been closed for months .
The mother of a 5-year-old boy who was reported missing in Tennessee last week told police she was present when her son was killed , CNN affiliate WKRN reported , citing court documents .
About 100 metric tons of radioactive water has leaked from a holding tank at the troubled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , the plant 's operator said
( CNN ) --	Billionaire financier George Soros has donated $ 1 million to the left-leaning super PAC American Bridge , a source with the organization said Monday .	The donation marks the first major foray into the 2012 presidential race for Soros , a high-profile supporter of President Barack Obama .
Sending more troops to Iraq to train local forces to fight ISIS is n't a sign the fight is failing , President Barack Obama says on CBS ' `` Face the Nation . ''
The decision ends an almost three-decade hiatus , with Sony citing a dramatic increase in demand for vinyl music in recent years .
A child who visited nearby Stanislaus National Forest and camped at Yosemite 's Crane Flat campground in mid-July had contracted the plague , officials said .
The police chief in Mesa , Arizona , says he was `` disappointed '' by a video that shows officers punching and kneeing an unarmed man .
In a final tactical road march , the last U.S. troops in Iraq crossed the border into Kuwait Sunday morning , ending almost nine years of war .
IKEA recalls 80,000 baby gates after 55 reports of the gates unlocking and 10 injuries , including concussions .	Three types of their PATRULL gates are being recalled .
Tyson Foods wants to eliminate human antibiotics in its chicken flock by 2017 , saying its concerned about the rise of antibiotic-resistant infections in people .
Britain will ban sales of new gasoline and diesel cars starting in 2040 as part of a bid to clean up the country 's air .
A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah , police say .
Robert Bates was a donor to the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office and a volunteer deputy .	Critics say he paid to play a cop but did n't have enough training .
The North American Meat Institute says the WHO is wrong to condemn meat as carcinogenic .
Chris Kelly , one-half of the 1990s rap duo Kris Kross , died Wednesday at an Atlanta hospital after being found unresponsive at his home , Georgia authorities say .
Those held in Guantanamo Bay have long been characterized as America 's most dangerous enemies .	So what happens when they go free ?
Oscar Pistorius has been released from prison and is now under house arrest , Correctional Services spokesman Manelisi Wolela said .
Two of Florida 's top Republicans on Thursday distanced themselves from President Donald Trump 's false claim that Hurricane Maria did not kill nearly 3,000 people in Puerto Rico last year , despite an estimate accepted by the island 's government .
An autopsy has determined that actor James Gandolfini 's death Wednesday was the result of natural causes -- a heart attack --	family friend Michael Kobold said .
Former President Bill Clinton left the hospital Friday morning after doctors performed a procedure to restore blood flow in one of his coronary arteries , longtime friend Terry McAuliffe told CNN .
After four years and 300,000 deaths , the Syrian civil war is getting more complicated .	The U.S. and Russia are stepping up their roles -- on opposing sides .
President Trump , asked about a possible `` plan B '' if Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh 's conformation falls through , said he does n't want to talk about that possibility .
It 's an almost unimaginable scenario : a victim of rape being forced to face her attacker over custody rights for a child conceived during an assault .
Hillary Clinton on Saturday questioned FBI Director James Comey 's decision to write to congressional leaders about emails uncovered in the bureau 's probe into Anthony Weiner , saying the timing of such a move was `` unprecedented '' and `` deeply troubling . ''
Federal prosecutors will seek the death penalty for Dylann Roof , who is accused of killing nine people at a historic African-American church in Charleston , South Carolina , in July 2015 .
Nancy Motes , the half-sister of actress Julia Roberts , was found dead in a Los Angeles home Sunday , the coroner 's spokesman said .
Texas Republicans have adopted a party platform that includes support for voluntary psychological `` therapy '' targeted at converting homosexuals to heterosexuals .
Model and TV personality Chrissy Teigen tweeted about enduring her `` flight to nowhere '' after her Tokyo-bound plane suddenly turned around and headed back to LA .
The man once known as `` America 's Dad '' now has a new moniker : Inmate	No .	NN7687 .	Bill Cosby , sentenced to 3 to 10 years in prison , arrived Tuesday night to Pennsylvania 's State Correctional Institute at Phoenix .	T
An employee at New York 's Clinton Correctional Facility is being questioned as a possible accomplice in the escape of two convicted killers , a source says .
President Donald Trump will get his military parade , but it is unlikely to mirror the Paris Bastille Day event which inspired him as it will not involve any heavy military vehicles like tanks to avoid doing damage to the streets of Washington , according to a Pentagon planning memo shown to CNN .
CNN has learned that the manufacturer of the endoscope involved in two deaths at UCLA never obtained permission to sell the device , according to the FDA .
As the calendar nears 2018 , the battle for control of the Senate is shifting in all sorts of unexpected ways -- changes driven primarily by bad behavior but also a national political environment heavily colored by President Donald Trump 's widespread unpopularity .
In bodycam footage , Harmon appears to be running away from police at the time he is shot by a Salt Lake City police officer .
No one wants to spend their vacation in the bathroom .	Reports of an outbreak of vomiting and diarrhea at sea have some imminent cruisers worried .
More than two decades after her son was executed for rape and murder , Zhang Huanzhi has finally proven his innocence .
Jared Kushner met earlier this month with Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's team as part of the investigation into Russia 's meddling in the election , according to two people familiar with the meeting .
Genevieve Via Cava loved teaching and loved her students .	Now , seven years after her death , they are learning just how much .
A daughter of the late Casey Kasem says she does n't know where the radio host 's body is .
Washington ( CNN )	-It 's never too early to play hardball presidential politics .	Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus penned a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder asking for an investigation of an `` apparent crime '' committed by President Barack Obama Monday .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in welcomes Kim Jong Un 's apparent willingness to enter into dialogue and callls for swift measures to help North Korea participate in the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang .
Alan Schroeder :	The president delivered a performance that stands as a model for future debaters of how to right a listing ship .
Vice President Mike Pence 's official Twitter account on Friday posted -- then deleted -- an image showing the vice president with a law enforcement officer who appeared to be wearing a patch often associated with the conspiracy `` QAnon . ''
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed off on a new law that bans swearing in films , as well as at concerts , the theater and cultural events .
Republicans won a special congressional election Tuesday in the suburbs west of Phoenix , CNN projects , holding on in a reliably red district where Democrats launched a well-organized but long-shot bid to flip the seat .
Convicted former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos has publicly contradicted Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' sworn testimony to Congress , saying both Sessions and Donald Trump apparently supported his proposal that Trump meet with Vladimir Putin during the 2016 campaign , according to a court filing late Friday night .
Taylor Swift makes a ton of money from streaming .	But exactly how much is in dispute .
Outrage over Congress ' inaction on a $ 60 billion aid package for victims of Superstorm Sandy is soothed with promise of House vote .
Angry clashes erupted Friday in the West Bank , as Palestinian leaders called for a `` day of rage '' in response to the fatal shelling of a U.N. shelter .
A police detective and the murder suspect he was interviewing were shot dead Thursday inside the Jackson , Mississippi , police headquarters .
Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Brock Long said Sunday that he has no plans to resign amid a Department of Homeland Security probe into his travel using government resources .
John Gibson was a beloved pastor whose name was released as part of the Ashley Madison hack .	His wife speaks to CNNMoney in an exclusive interview .
Stephen Zunes says Occupy Wall Street movement pushed populist issues like income inequality and unfair tax policies to center stage .
President Donald Trump 's ex-wife , Ivana Trump , said Thursday she was offered the opportunity to be ambassador to her native Czech Republic , but turned it down to preserve her `` perfect life . ''
A jury found Abu Hamza al-Masri guilty of conspiring to kidnap Americans in Yemen , planning to set up a jihad training camp and other terrorism-related charges .
President Donald Trump said in a new interview Friday that persecuted Christians will be given priority over other refugees seeking to enter the United States , saying they have been `` horribly treated . ''
A Southwest flight was forced to turn around after a human heart meant for donation was accidentally left on board , the airline said .
Whitney Houston was seen drinking considerably at The Beverly Hilton last week , a source briefed on her behavior told CNN .
Like many other states , Oklahoma law bars sex offenders from living nears schools and churches .	But what Danyelle Dyer and her family discovered is the state does n't have a statute that prevents a sexual predator from moving next door to his victim .
It 's not quite as epic as posing with a tiger a la Vladimir Putin .	But Syria 's Bashar al Assad joined Instagram and the photos are propagandastically fantastic .
The suicide of a Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity member at a Pennsylvania university may have been caused by hazing , police said Thursday .
Greenery is declared the color of 2017 by trend forecasters at the Pantone Color Institute .
President Donald Trump totes his `` America First '' stance this week to the United Nations General Assembly , the annual inundation of diplomats and world leaders who this year await the new US leader with uneasy anticipation .
Republican Rep. Ralph Norman pulled out his loaded , personal .38-caliber	Smith & Wesson handgun Friday and laid it on the table at a diner where he was meeting with his constituents in Rock Hill , South Carolina .
Classified documents presented last week to President Obama and President-elect Trump included allegations that Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump , multiple US officials with direct knowledge of the briefings tell CNN .
When Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 left radar , officials apparently did n't notice for 17 minutes and did n't activate an official rescue operation for four hours .
Embattled Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , who heads Tuesday to Mar-a-Lago for a meeting with US President Donald Trump , is in dire need of a policy win as he faces challenges abroad and protests at home .
As his colleagues played baseball in his honor Thursday evening , MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical gave an update on Rep. Steve Scalise , who remains in critical condition but has improved .
A Virginia man is charged with assault with a deadly weapon after a guard was wounded in a shooting at the Family Research Council in DC .
Richard Pinedo , a California computer whiz caught by the special counsel 's office selling fake online identities to Russians , was sentenced to six months in prison Wednesday by a federal judge in Washington .
CVS announced Thursday it 's making an anti-opiate overdose drug available in 12 more states without a prescription .
Shares of Tesla soared thanks to strong sales of its electric cars .	That pushed its market value ahead of Ford 's , which just reported disappointing results .	Elon Musk 's car company is now within striking distance of passing GM too .
For at least a year , the biggest page on Facebook purporting to be part of the Black Lives Matter movement was a scam with ties to a middle-aged white man in Australia , a review of the page and associated accounts and websites conducted by CNN shows .
A Renoir painting looted by the Nazis during World War II has been returned to its rightful owner , New York federal officials announced Wednesday .
Explosions in Yemen 's capital rocked two mosques serving a minority Muslim group that recently conquered the city , killing 137 , officials say .
Iran is not cooperating , making it difficult for the UN 's nuclear watchdog agency to provide `` credible assurance '' that the country does n't possess undeclared nuclear material ,	the International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Yukiya Amano said Monday .
The man behind the world 's biggest IPO ever wants a do-over .	Jack Ma wishes that Alibaba never went public .
( CNN ) --	Apparently scrambling for votes on their alternative to a fiscal cliff deal -- known as Plan B --	House Republicans late Wednesday were considering expanding the scope of their tax cut extension measure to include spending cuts .
Verizon just offered the clearest signal yet that it may reassess its deal to buy Yahoo .
A lawyer who filed a teen sex abuse lawsuit against `` X-Men '' director Bryan Singer said three more `` Hollywood types '' will be targeted in similar suits soon .
A powerful winter storm is expected to bring heavy snow , wind and rain to a large swath of the country and affect travelers in the final stretch of the holiday weekend .
A French couple died while hiking in New Mexico 's desert but their son survived , thanks to a sheriff 's deputy who saw the mother 's camera and found his picture .
Starbucks is giving its workers raises , free food and the ability to show off their tattoos .
Oliver North , the Fox News contributor and central figure in the Iran-Contra scandal , will be the National Rifle Association 's new president , the group announced Monday .
Dean Heller on Friday became the latest Senate Republican to say he opposes the current GOP health care bill .
The San Bernardino mass shooting is now being investigated as `` an act of terrorism , '' FBI official David Bowdich said Friday .
While one group is calling on the government to replace President Jackson with a woman on the $ 20 bill , it 's actually the $ 10 note that 's up next for a redesign .
At least two people were killed early Thursday morning when Bahraini police swarmed into the capital , Manama , to roust protesters from the Pearl Roundabout , emergency hospital services said .
Read Jared Kushner 's statement to congressional committees about Russia and his involvement in the 2016 election and transition period .
Whoever is behind the Tim-Cook-must-go whisper campaign is no friend of Apple , and they do n't have the company 's best interests at heart .
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman issued an apology Thursday for his outburst against detained American Kenneth Bae .
The population of the giant panda rose 17 % from 2004 to 2014 .	The gorilla population declined more than 70 % in the past 20 years .
Two victims in a series of stabbings in Taunton , Massachusetts , have died , as well as the suspect , police said Tuesday night .
There have been at least 288 school shootings in the US since January 1 , 2009 .	That 's 57 times as many shootings as the other six G7 countries combined .
The official Malaysia Airlines website has been hacked by a group claiming to support Islamist terror group , ISIS .
A beauty queen gave up her title after a skit was performed at the Miss Massachusetts competition that made fun of the # MeToo movement .
The American held in North Korea , Matthew Miller , begins his six-year sentence of hard labor on Thursday .
President Donald Trump Wednesday began attacking the special counsel 's investigation and his former attorney Michael Cohen
The Endreson family lottery pool -- a tradition begun by their mother -- finally paid off when the 17 siblings from New Jersey won $ 20 million .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai ordered the arrest Monday of the Taliban who participated in the public execution of a woman accused of adultery .
EPA finds Hyundai and Kia overstates miles per gallon for many models .	Carmakers will reimburse owners .
An Atlanta baby receives a kidney transplant after the hospital first denied surgery due to his father 's arrest .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell pushed back strongly on Sunday against the outrage over Republican senators ' letter to Iran , which he called a `` manufactured controversy . ''
The US will aim to `` crush '' Iran with economic and military pressure unless it changes its behavior in the Middle East , Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Monday in a speech that many analysts saw as a policy of regime change in everything but name .
The fact that Hillary Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin previously exchanged classified emails gave federal prosecutors probable cause to justify their review of Anthony Weiner 's laptop last fall , according to a search warrant application released on Tuesday .
Indonesian searchers believe they have located debris from an airliner that crashed in a mountainous area with 54 people on board .
Enrique Marquez , who is cooperating with authorities , has told them he bought two AR-15s for Syed Rizwan Farook and plotted with him in 2012 .
Ohio school shooter T.J. Lane will spend the rest of his life in prison for the deaths of three students last year , a judge ruled Tuesday .
When an Oklahoma teacher revealed what the chairs in her classroom look like , she could n't imagine how far one photo could go .	The art teacher from Puterbaugh Middle School in McAlester , Oklahoma , had received more than $ 44,000 in donated supplies , as of Wednesday evening .
There 's now 359 fewer Subway stores in the U.S .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell will delay the vote on the Republican leadership 's health care bill until after the July 4 recess .
Yogawear producer lululemon announced Monday that CEO Christine Day is stepping down .
Two men have been arrested for starting a wildfire in Colorado , authorities said .
This time last year we saw a lot of excited articles about how `` Inception '' showed there was an audience for a smarter , more conceptual blockbuster .	But hold the front page : Michael Bay is out to prove there 's a bigger audience for brainless bombast and nonstop mayhem .
Matt Lauer 's sudden ouster came as a shock to viewers -- but not as a complete surprise to his `` Today '' show colleagues .	They knew that multiple news outlets were investigating Lauer 's off-camera conduct .
Delta Air Lines struggled at the core of its business : -- flying airplanes and accommodating passengers -- after severe weather pounded its Atlanta hub in the middle of spring break .
Online classified service Craigslist 's decision to censor its adult services section could be a model for other websites , a leader in the fight against prostitution ads said Saturday .
Hillary Clinton labeled her Republican rival Donald Trump `` divisive and dangerous '' and `` unmoored '' on Thursday , saying his recent behavior shows he 's not qualified to be president .
The eyes of the political world are on Atlanta 's northern suburbs Tuesday as voters go to the polls in a Georgia special election that 's about much more than the House seat up for grabs .
I saw someone at the airport the other day who really caught my eye .
A woman at an art museum in Yekaterinburg , Russia , tried to take a selfie on October 27 and accidentally knocked over a structure carrying two works of art .
Algona , Iowa ( CNN ) --	Newt Gingrich cited fraud Wednesday as the reason he did n't get on the Virginia primary ballot .	Last week his campaign acknowledged they used paid volunteers to scramble to get the required 10,000 signatures but fell short after the former House speaker and Virginia residen ...
The Supreme Court for the second time this week has stopped a pending execution , giving lawyers for the condemned inmates more time to file their appeals .
You might have to pay more for you pecan pie this Thanksgiving and holiday season .	The United States , one of the world top growers of the tree nut , is facing a smaller supply due to a draught and a high demand from Chinese consumers .
California teens Lexie Varga and Dylan Corliss may do a lot more hand-holding after a frightening encounter with nature .
The Pentagon 's intelligence arm has assessed with `` moderate confidence '' that North Korea has the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon with a ballistic missile , though the reliability is believed to be `` low . ''
President Barack Obama will meet Monday with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to discuss options for tougher gun restrictions and is expected to announce in the coming days a new executive action with the goal of expanding background checks on gun sales .
Six Philadelphia police officers were arrested Wednesday on corruption-related charges , authorities said .
President Barack Obama is seriously considering withdrawing all U.S. troops from Afghanistan in 2014 , a senior administration official told CNN .
Hillary Clinton slammed Donald Trump and issued a strong defense of the Clinton Foundation Wednesday amid the Republican nominee 's claims that she used public office for personal gain .
A former adult dancer is suing Fannie Mae for sexual harassment and hostile work environment , claiming she was hired under the guise of working for the IT department but was instead expected to serve as personal entertainment for one of the mortgage company 's senior directors .
Rep. Duncan Hunter was n't blowing `` smoke '' when he made his case against an amendment to ban vaping on planes .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew 's path through Florida , it may have been the oddest call to 911 operators : a bald eagle had gotten stuck in the grille of a car .
The Swiss hospital that treated Sergio Marchionne says the former CEO of Fiat Chrysler received treatment for a serious illness for over a year before passing away .
After 10 hours and 30 minutes , Sen. Rand Paul has relinquished the Senate floor , ending his `` filibuster '' over NSA surveillance programs and the Patriot Act .
As searchers struggle to find survivors from the missing El Faro container ship , stories about some of the 33 crew members on board are starting to emerge .
The Duchess of Cambridge has successfully graduated as a `` fully fledged member '' of Britain 's monarchy after fulfilling all her objectives one year on from her marriage to Prince William , a senior royal source has told CNN .
The Peace Corps said 340 of its volunteers in 3 west Africa nations will be removed due to the Ebola threat .
Two deputies were killed Thursday when a man walked up to them in a Florida restaurant while they were eating and opened fire , a Gilchrist County Sheriff 's Office spokesman said .
Criminal charges have been filed against David and Louise Turpin , accused of keeping their 13 children captive in their California home , Riverside County District Attorney Mike Hestrin said Thursday .
President Donald Trump again lamented his choice for attorney general on Wednesday , writing on Twitter he wishes he 'd chosen someone other than Jeff Sessions , who enraged the President when he recused himself from the Russia investigation .
A violent crash on a dirt track in New Jersey claimed the life of driver Jason Leffler , a NASCAR racer lauded by fellow racers as a fierce , versatile competitor .
Prosecutors : Man accused of defrauding investors used some money to cryogenically freeze dead wife .
American Airlines resumed flights Thursday after computer problems briefly grounded flights at three of its busiest airports .
The defense for former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez made its case on Monday .	Closing arguments are set for Tuesday .
Fast food chain Subway could close 500 stores in the US , but it expects to open 1,000 worldwide .
( CNN ) --	An outspoken and provocative conservative who emerged from Saturday 's Republican Party of Virginia Convention as the party 's nominee for lieutenant governor once compared Planned Parenthood to the Ku Klux Klan and blasted African-Americans for their `` slavish devotion '' to the Democratic Part ...
The fate of the home of dinosaurs , mammoth hunters and ancient tribes is to be decided today when President Trump announces the new size of Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante monuments .
A pack of wolves slaughtered a herd of elk in one night , Wyoming wildlife officials said Friday .
The final version of the GOP 's tax reform bill passed in the House of Representatives on Tuesday , sending it on to the Senate , where it 's also expected to pass .
The billionaire investor has pledged to give away most of his money , and has made large donations for years .
Taken out of the womb to remove a tumor , a Texas baby was gently returned to her mother 's womb and was born once again at the usual nine months .
Actress and comedian Jan Hooks died in New York on Thursday .	Hooks was best known as a `` Saturday Night Live '' cast member .
The Qatar crisis shows that international diplomacy can deeply impact scientific research , especially with a critical resource like helium , writes Don Lincoln .
Riot police fired warning shots and tear gas Thursday outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , witnesses said .
Shanann Watts was 15 weeks pregnant when she was reported missing Monday , along with her two daughters , Bella and Celeste .
Washington ( CNN ) -	House Speaker John Boehner was peeved last week at conservative groups that blasted a bipartisan budget agreement before one was even announced .	But House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan said it was really just that Irish temper of his .	`` I think John just kind of got his Irish up .
Many local government officials are now weighing whether to keep Confederate memorials in their cities and towns .	Read a state-by-state breakdown .
A federal judge has granted an injunction blocking enforcement of parts of a controversial immigration law in Arizona that is scheduled to go into effect Thursday .	U.S. District Judge Susan R .
NFL players must stand during the National Anthem this season , team owners decided Wednesday , a reaction to fierce backlash against some who took a knee in symbolic opposition to the systemic oppression of people of color , including by police .
Decade after decade , Bob Dylan , winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature , has filled our heads with language that both interprets and transforms the realities we confront , Jay Parini writes .
A bipartisan group of senators announced an agreement on a student loans package Thursday that would cap rates .
South Africa hit back at Donald Trump on Thursday after the US President criticized the country 's land reform policies in an overnight tweet .
To be great , an inaugural speech needs to be followed by great deeds , says David Frum
Sen. Bob Menendez said he is `` not going anywhere '' after reports surfaced that the Justice Department is preparing to bring corruption charges against him .
The Cass Community Center Tiny Homes Project in Detroit aims to provide affordable housing for low-income earners .
Some jihadist Web sites monitored by CNN are warning al Qaeda leaders that a recently captured field commander had more than 300 names and numbers plus important documents on him at the time of his arrest .
George Zimmerman says he still gets death threats .	He 's still accused of racism and he remains a lightning rod for criticism .
For the third week in a row , President Donald Trump is criticizing Jerome Powell , the man he picked to lead the Federal Reserve .
In his first comments since the FBI raid on his home and office , Michael Cohen said the FBI agents `` were extremely professional , courteous and respectful . ''
Christine Blasey Ford said in a letter Tuesday that she wants an FBI investigation into her allegation of sexual assault against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh before the Senate holds a hearing on her allegations .
Missouri authorities have identified additional people killed in last weekend 's tornado , bringing the toll of the United States ' single deadliest twister ever recorded to 142 deaths , authorities said Saturday .
A video shows what looks like the largest and most dangerous gathering of al Qaeda in years .	Did the United States know about it ?
An Afghan soldier killed 2 American troops Monday in the latest attack by Afghan security forces on coalition soldiers , authorities said .
Renowned radio personality Casey Kasem is in critical condition at a hospital in western Washington , a spokesman for St. Anthony Hospital told CNN .
By Larry Shaughnessy	The Department of Defense says it will investigate whether there was any impropriety in aiding the making of a yet-to-be-released movie about the killing of Osama bin Laden .	The probe by the Pentagon 's inspector general comes after questions were raised last summer by Rep .
It 's not every day that a politician with a county jail-issued ankle monitor -- accused of having sex with his 17-year-old secretary -- wins re-election .
After taking an antibiotic a friend gave her , a 19-year-old is fighting for her life in a California hospital 's burn unit .
Joshua Boyle said the gravity of the situation his family survived is starting to sink in .
Thousands of people on the Gulf Coast have been told to leave ahead of Tropical Storm Isaac .	Forecasters warn the storm will gain strength and is following the path Hurricane Katrina took seven years ago .
Former pharmaceutical CEO Martin Shkreli tweeted that he was subpoenaed to appear before Congress .
More than 22,000 fans were evacuated after a fire erupted on stage at the Tomorrowland music festival in Spain , authorities said .
Days after five members of the same family were killed in a California crash , investigators are still looking for three of the family 's missing children , including Devonte Hart , who appeared in a viral photo in 2014 .
Delta flights were grounded early Monday by a failure of its global computer system .
A study puts the number of kids with autism in the U.S. at 2.24 % ; that 's a large increase , but the way scientists collect the data may be inflating the numbers .
Vermont , Denver and Phoenix join growing list of places celebrating Native Americans on the federal holiday named for Christopher Columbus .
At least four people died and 14 were wounded Sunday by an explosion on a tourist bus in the Egyptian resort town of Taba , authorities said .
President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have not spoken in nearly two weeks , since a phone call between the two men went awry
President Barack Obama on Friday condemned the `` brutal and outrageous murders '' of three Muslim students who were shot earlier this week .
Stormy Daniels said Monday her feelings toward Michael Cohen have softened after he admitted to working with President Donald Trump to keep her silent about their alleged affair , saying `` I guess I forgive him . ''
Though Bernie Sanders is low on cash , he has campaigned with gusto in the final days of his campaign in California , insisting that he will take his fight to a contested convention in Philadelphia .
The four remaining GOP candidates played to their individual strengths on Thursday and tried to leave a lasting impression in a final , boisterous debate two days before South Carolina 's pivotal primary .
France and Germany have criticized President Donald Trump for threatening to pull the US from a joint statement with key G7 allies announced just hours earlier .
Louis C.K . 's monologue on `` Saturday Night Live 's '' 40th season finale shocked some on social media .
( CNN ) --	Former longtime Pennsylvania Senator Arlen Specter was battling for his life Monday after recently being diagnosed with a `` serious form of cancer , '' a source close to his office told CNN .
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions appears before a Senate committee on Tuesday , he may cite executive privilege to avoid answering certain questions .
Trailblazing White House journalist Helen Thomas has died at age 92 after a long illness , sources told CNN Saturday .
Please credit all usage to -- CNN ’	s	The Lead with Jake Tapper .	FULL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW	THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .	THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED	Conducted January 30 ,	2014 Waukesha , Wisconsin JAKE TAPPER , HOST :	Thanks for doing this ...
Simba the French bulldog is probably alive today because of the attentiveness of an Air Canada pilot .
Baltimore 's prosecutor calls the death of Freddie Gray a homicide , brings charges against police officers .
Since Hawaii 's Kilauea volcano erupted in May , the Big Island has weathered thousands of earthquakes , a stream of eruptions , and lava engulfing homes .
BP will pay a record $ 4.5 billion U.S. penalty to settle criminal claims arising from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
On Sunday night and early Monday , much of the Earth will get a glorious view of the heavens -- and the 'super blood moon ' eclipse wo n't happen again until 2033 .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that she 's responsible for the security of American diplomatic outposts .
Gavin Long , 29 , of Missouri was the shooter who killed three law officers and wounded three others in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , police sources said .
The US economy added 250,000 jobs in October , significantly exceeding expectations , the government announced Friday .
The United Nations team investigating a chemical weapons attack last month in Syria has found that sarin was used .
When a White House makes a major , controversial decision -- such as , say , firing the director of the FBI -- it usually follows by putting out its best spokespeople to explain it .	But on Wednesday , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer will not conduct the White House press briefing .
Russia 's annexation of the Crimea was hailed by President Vladimir Putin 's supporters Tuesday but bitterly condemned in Ukraine and the West .
Manuel weakened into a tropical storm , but was still bringing heavy rains to Mexico Thursday .
Kalamazoo , Michigan , shooting suspect Jason Brian Dalton was an Uber driver .	A source tells CNN Dalton picked up fares same evening	he 's accused of killing six .
U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is acknowledging the key role a Pakistani doctor who assisted the United States get Osama bin Laden .
Pushing back on a New York Times article detailing disorder in the West Wing , press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday the reporters got their facts wrong -- including the eye-catching detail that Trump watches TV in his bathrobe .
At least 12 suspected pipe bombs were sent to prominent Democrats , outspoken critics of President Trump and CNN in recent days .	See the latest .
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in `` Gone With the Wind '' has fetched $ 137,000 at an auction .
The US detected a ballistic missile launch out of North Korea at approximately 10:45 am .	ET on Friday , the Pentagon confirmed to CNN .
In today 's edition of the `` Good Stuff , '' older teens show a nine-year-old kindness and help him buy a new bike .	CNN 's Chris Cuomo reports.	Atticus Seng from Fresno , California , recently had his bike stolen not once , but twice .	Two bikes gone in the space of a month .
Rudy Giuliani said Wednesday that President Donald Trump 's legal team has responded to the special counsel , the latest effort in ongoing negotiations over a possible interview .
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Saudi Arabia 's top leaders on Tuesday `` strongly denied '' any knowledge of what happened to missing journalist Jamal Khashoggi inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul .
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday he accepts the decision by the Rev .	Pat Conroy , the House chaplain , to rescind his resignation , following a week 's worth of lawmakers from both parties questioning Ryan 's request that Conroy step down .
SI.com has learned that Clippers owner Donald Sterling has hired prominent antitrust litigator Maxwell Blecher , who has written a letter to NBA executive vice president and general counsel Rick Buchanan threatening to sue the NBA .	The letter , sources tell SI.com , claims that Sterling has done nothing wrong and that
A woman saw a video on the news when she discovered she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a crowded Panama City Beach in Florida in broad daylight .
A man shot and killed 4 children and 2 adults -- at least some of whom might have been his estranged wife 's relatives -- at a Houston-area home .
A senior Korean Air executive has resigned after causing a scandal over how her nuts were served on a plane .
The U.S. plans to begin flying thousands of Americans out of the country on Monday , a day after the government 's call for protesters to obey a curfew , plus low-flying fighter jets overhead did nothing to deter thousands of Egyptians from continuing their protests into Sunday night .
President-elect Donald Trump is looking at possible ways to limit the power of the director of National Intelligence , according to sources close to the transition .
Gas prices have shot up by 12 cents this week , a delirious rise that 's tied to Iran 's cat-and-mouse game with the West and also gains in the stock market .
The military in the West African nation of Burkina Faso dissolved the government , a general said Thursday in the capital of Ouagadougou .
Egyptian revolution could face new rounds of sensational street unrest now that its high court has dissolved the freshly elected parliament , analysts say .
There was a close call on two commercial flights at Chicago Midway International Airport on Tuesday night .
President Barack Obama is viewing his final State of the Union as the start of a sprint -- a last chance to advance his agenda and shape his legacy .
President Donald Trump , as you may have noticed during his two years in politics , is an avid consumer of polls -- especially when they make him look good .
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said that his country is close to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile .
President-elect Donald Trump signaled Thursday that he will look to `` strengthen and expand '' the US 's nuclear capability .
A man who stopped at a Seattle 7-Eleven for a coffee Sunday morning shot and killed a hatchet-wielding attacker who went after him and the store 's clerk , authoriteis said .
Donald Trump indicated to Mike Pence late Wednesday night on the phone that he is moving toward choosing the Indiana governor as his vice president , a source familiar with the process tells CNN .
Chipotle is considering launching a new chain of restaurants called Better Burger .
White House communications director Hope Hicks , one of President Donald Trump 's longest-serving and closest aides , is resigning , the White House confirmed Wednesday .
View the winter weather predictions for 2015 to see what 's in the forecast .
Hillary Clinton could face scrutiny from the Justice Department over her use of a private email account , according to a New York Times report late Thursday .
The FBI has questioned a man who says he recorded audio of gunfire at the time Brown was shot by Ferguson police on August 9 , the man 's attorney told CNN .
All five living former US presidents will participate in a benefit concert to raise money for hurricane relief efforts in Texas later this month , the George H.W .	Bush Presidential Library Foundation announced today .
Prabhu Ramamoorthy , who was accused of undressing and fondling a Spirit Airlines passenger while she was asleep , could spend the rest of his life behind bars .
Megyn Kelly launched her daytime makeover on Monday with `` Megyn Kelly Today , '' conspicuously trying to reintroduce herself in the mold of Oprah Winfrey or Ellen DeGeneres .
With a Clinton , a Bush and a Romney all seriously teasing presidential runs , why not a Palin ?
Donald Trump and the Fox News Channel are in talks about Trump possibly appearing on Fox on Monday night , according to a source with knowledge of the talks .	Trump has been lambasting Fox for days , ever since he was challenged in last week 's GOP debate .
Former Alaska Gov .	Sarah Palin endorsed Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump Tuesday at an Iowa campaign stop , delivering a raucous speech full of Palin-isms during her return to the presidential campaign trail .
Newly released video footage from North Korean state media shows President Donald Trump returning a salute to a North Korean military general during this week 's summit in Singapore , an extraordinary display of respect from a US president to a top officer of a hostile regime .
A disabled man had to crawl off a United Airlines plane after a flight because there was no wheelchair .	United apologized to the man , who has cerebral palsy .
An Australian radio network at the heart of a hoax targeting Prince William 's pregnant wife canceled the show responsible for the prank .
The truck that rear-ended Tracy Morgan 's limo was going 20 mph over the limit and its driver approached legal limits on how long he could drive , the NTSB said .
Attorney General Eric Holder said on Friday he had assigned two U.S. attorneys to lead investigations into the possible leaking of state secrets .
The change applies to full-time , part-time and temporary workers .
Despite its long range , the North Korean missile fired on July 4 is not capable of a key process that would allow a nuclear weapon atop the projectile to hit its target , South Korea 's intelligence service told lawmakers Tuesday .
An iceberg almost twice the size of Atlanta is moving into the ocean off Antarctica and could threaten shipping during the Antarctic winter .
Democratic Sen. Jon Tester will win a third term in the Senate , CNN projects , outlasting millions of outside spending and an intense focus on the race from President Donald Trump .
Hillary Clinton has pneumonia , her doctor said Sunday , hours after the Democratic nominee stumbled and exited a 9/11 commemoration ceremony early .
Authorities are investigating the deaths of 21 people at a company in Germany after an employee was allegedly caught poisoning a colleague 's lunch .
Stephen Colbert , Jimmy Kimmel and Trevor Noah responded to the sudden dismissal of FBI Director James Comey .
The US ' decision to go ahead with the sale of a $ 1.4 billion arms package to Taiwan threatens to undermine US-Chinese relations , China 's ambassador to Washington said .
Governments around the world are making a run to get their citizens out of volatile Libya .	Here is a country-by-country breakdown :
Twelve people were killed Friday in an attack on a U.N. compound in northern Afghanistan that followed a demonstration against the reported burning last month of a Quran in Florida , authorities said .
Russia appointed actor Steven Seagal as a `` special representative '' on US-Russian humanitarian ties , the country 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in statement on its official Facebook page Saturday .
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday he can not yet support presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump 's presidential campaign .
Seldom does a daughter use such harsh words to describe her own father .
The U.S. is preparing to announce a decision on assistance to Egypt , and U.S. officials told CNN military aid will be cut , though not all of it .
Worried that the Federal Reserve and the U.S. dollar are on the brink of collapse , more than a dozen states have proposed using their own alternative currencies of silver and gold .
Activists rallied outside the Marine Corps base at Quantico , Virginia , Sunday to applaud the man military officials suspect leaked scores of military documents to the WikiLeaks website -- a 22-year-old Army private named Bradley Manning .
Amazon 's fourth annual day of extra savings for Prime members is coming later this month .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Monday he will return to Havana to undergo more cancer treatment .
President Barack Obama lit into Donald Trump Tuesday , turning the tables to make the impassioned case that Trump is the one who 's un-American .
Colombia says it has found a Spanish galleon sunk 300 years ago in the Caribbean with treasure estimated as high as $ 17 billion in gold , silver and gems .
A woman blinded in an acid attack seven years ago said Sunday she stopped the `` eye for an eye '' punishment for her attacker because `` such revenge is not worth it . ''
Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand 's message about helping the public took on a bold tone Friday morning when she told a crowd of democratic party leaders , `` Fundamentally , if we are not helping people , we should go the f -- - home . ''
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's half brother was murdered in Malaysia on Monday , the South Korean government confirmed .
US President Donald Trump speaks by phone with five world leaders -- most significantly Russia 's Vladimir Putin and Germany 's Angela Merkel .
North Korea is not ruling out diplomacy , but `` before we can engage in diplomacy with the Trump administration , we want to send a clear message that the DPRK has a reliable defensive and offensive capability to counter any aggression from the United States , '' the official said .
`` A perfect storm '' hit Mindy McCready in the days before the singer killed herself in the same spot where her boyfriend died five weeks earlier , a friend said .
MS-13 , also known as La Mara Salvatrucha is one of the largest criminal organizations in the US , and members of the international gang have been convicted of crimes ranging from racketeering to murder .
A comedian pretending to be Sen. Bob Menendez for a bit says he got through to the President , who called him back from Air Force One .
Facebook told congressional investigators on Wednesday that it sold political ads during the 2016 U.S. presidential election to a Russian `` troll farm '' that was looking to target American voters .
( CNN ) --	The Tea Party Express announced Thursday it would again provide its own response to President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address , this year with former presidential candidate Herman Cain as the headliner .
A new study finds that there are 3.04 trillion trees on Earth , 7½ times more than previous estimates .
Never mind the disease and slavery wrought by Christopher Columbus ' voyage -- or the fact that he did n't actually `` discover '' the New World .
( CNN ) --	Virginia State Senator Creigh Deeds remembers his son as `` a sensitive , beautiful child '' who was `` full of love , '' but a severe mental illness led Austin `` Gus '' Deeds to do what his father now describes as the unthinkable .	Gus , 24 , stabbed his father multiple times before taking his own life .
In the weeks before Chris Watts killed his pregnant wife and two daughters in Colorado , she saw him becoming suddenly cold and distant , and she canceled a party where she was to reveal her unborn child 's gender , newly released documents reveal .
Sen. Ted Cruz said Tuesday that he plans to run for re-election in Texas , putting to rest speculation that he may step aside to prepare for another run at the White House in 2020
Paula Broadwell , whose affair with CIA Director David Petraeus led to his resignation , has had her government security clearance suspended pending the outcome of ongoing investigations , two U.S. officials with direct knowledge told CNN 's Barbara Starr .	A U.S .
You 've been eating well all week : oatmeal for breakfast , a salad for lunch and grilled chicken with vegetables for dinner .	Then the weekend hits .	Suddenly your taste buds want French fries at the bar and Mom 's cheesy lasagna is calling your name during Sunday dinner .	Not to worry .
Charges are lessened against a man who carried a backpack containing a rice cooker near a crowd marking the first anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombing .
The world 's largest diamond miner is doing the unthinkable : Selling stones produced in a laboratory .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell believes the allegations against Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore and that Moore should leave the race , the Kentucky Republican said Monday .
As Norway struggles to come to terms with its greatest loss of life in decades , all eyes are on the man charged in the explosion in central Oslo and the deadly shooting rampage at a youth camp .
Prosecutors in the Bill Cosby indecent assault trial on Monday claimed the 79-year-old actor knew exactly what he was doing when he drugged and assaulted Andrea Constand in 2004 , while the defense went after the credibility of Constand and another Cosby accuser .
Eleven people fell ill after a suspicious letter was opened in an administrative building at Joint Base Fort Myer-Henderson Hall in Arlington , Virginia , on Tuesday , according to the Arlington County Fire Department .
The Trump administration has tapped an emergency stockpile of crude oil in response to the major refinery outages in the U.S. Gulf Coast caused by Hurricane Harvey .
The nervous system of a creature discovered in southwest China gives new evolutionary insights about spiders .
Iran appears to have arrested Baquer Namazi , 80 , the father of American businessman Siamak Namazi , who was detained in October and was not part of last month 's prisoner swap with the U.S .
It 's officially awards season and Stephen Colbert is taking out `` For Your Consideration '' ads , but not for your average awards show .
The trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor reached another emotional peak Wednesday as jurors heard Jackson say , `` I hurt , you know , I hurt . ''
With a quote from defendant George Zimmerman , prosecutor John Guy began his opening statement in the trial surrounding the killing of Trayvon Martin .
A US Army veteran who served two tours in Afghanistan has been deported to Mexico , US Immigration and Customs Enforcement said .
One of the suspects accused of trying to assassinate Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro using drones armed with explosives died under mysterious circumstances Monday .
Donald Glover had quite the weekend .	The actor hosted `` Saturday Night Live '' and was the musical guest as his rap/R & B alter ego , Childish Gambino .
Pakistan 's Supreme Court orders Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani to face a contempt of court hearing over corruption probes , setting up a potential showdown .
Music mogul Jay Z has just purchased what could be described as the flashiest champagne company in the world .
The Federal Aviation Administration is requiring all overweight pilots and controllers to undergo testing for sleep disorders .
The Florida state attorney expected to prosecute the murder trial of Markeith Loyd was removed from the case by Gov .	Rick Scott on Thursday afternoon after refusing to seek the death penalty in the case .
The shooting at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh -- in which the death toll now stands at 11 -- is believed to be the deadliest attack on the Jewish community in the history of the US , the Anti-Defamation League said .
Two youths have been arrested in the shooting death of a 13-month-old boy in Brunswick , Georgia .
The Stockholm Criminal Court on Thursday issued an international arrest warrant for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on probable cause , saying he is suspected of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force .
North Korea usually projects itself to the world as a fully functioning worker 's paradise .	But a recent admission of severe flooding in the hermit kingdom prove otherwise .
If you turned up at the Fyre Festival wooed by its ads	you 'd think you were in for a weekend of top-notch acts in a beautiful Caribbean paradise .	It was anything but .
The Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the race-conscious admissions program at the University of Texas , saying that the plan taking race into consideration as one factor of admission is constitutional .
Cleveland police say the gun held by 12-year-old Tamir Rice , whom police shot and killed , was `` indistinguishable from a real firearm . ''
Airbnb has launched a competition to win a night at London 's legendary Abbey Road Studios , made famous by The Beatles , with `` Uptown Funk '' producer Mark Ronson
Rain Dove , an acquaintance of actress and advocate Asia Argento , claims to have contacted investigators after conversations and text messages with Argento prompted them to believe she had broken the law .
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel can not negotiate with the government of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas while it is backed by Hamas .
Trump has appeared on the show multiple times since the 1990s to field questions about everything from the size of his genitalia to his wife 's bathroom habits .
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham says the silencing of Sen. Elizabeth Warren on the Senate floor Tuesday was `` long overdue . ''
A Vatican official says Pope Francis ' meeting last week with Kentucky clerk Kim Davis `` should not be considered a form of support of her position . ''
( CNN ) --	-- San Diego Mayor Bob Filner , publicly accused of sexual harassment by seven women , said Friday he will enter `` a behavior counseling clinic '' for two weeks of intensive therapy starting August 5 .	In a statement given at City Hall , he apologized `` to the women I have offended .
What a week it 's been for Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , the Sudanese Christian woman who initially faced a death sentence after refusing to renounce her faith .
A Republican lawmaker on Tuesday walked back his remarks earlier in the day that low-income Americans may have to prioritize purchasing health care coverage over gadgets such as iPhones under Republicans ' Obamacare replacement plan .
A doctor in Fiji is examining three teenage boys rescued 240 miles from land after they were lost in the South Pacific for more than 50 days .
A dog picked up during an arrest in California has tested positive for methamphetamine and heroin , authorities said .
Jeb Bush 's campaign is calling on CBS News to apologize for a report that cited jokes about the Republican presidential hopeful committing suicide .
A Minnesota man who put up a website asking people to help him and his wife decide whether to have an abortion admitted Tuesday they never intended to terminate the pregnancy .
Canada is on track to creating a multi-billion dollar industry .	But annual sales will still never top the U.S. , according to Marijuana Business Daily .
George Zimmerman gave a scathing review of the Sanford Police Department when he spoke at a public meeting in January 2011 .
Astronauts may not be able to stomach long voyages into space -- literally speaking .
A new law may soon be enacted that will let the U.S. State Department revoke , deny or limit the passports of U.S. citizens who have more than $ 50,000 in seriously delinquent tax debt .
Here 's why these eruptions are so different -- and why they have drastically different death tolls :
A judge denied bond Tuesday for five Michigan teenagers charged with throwing a rock off a highway overpass and killing a passenger in a van .
Film director Spike Lee explains his expletive-filled rant about the gentrification of his Brooklyn neighborhood , Fort Greene .
A Texas judge ordered a hospital on Friday to remove a pregnant and brain-dead woman from respirators and ventilators by 5 p.m. Monday .
Bruno Mars took home album of the year for `` 24K Magic , '' record of the year for the single of the same title and song of the year for `	` That 's What I Like . ''
The passage of health care will certainly rank as one of the major political achievements of recent decades .
Actor Reg E. Cathey , better known for his roles in the hit Netflix drama `` House of Cards '' and the HBO series `` The Wire , '' has died .
The US Navy released new photos showing the damage caused to the USS Fitzgerald after it collided with a cargo ship on June 17 , causing the death of seven US sailors .
A jury finds former Oklahoma City police officer Daniel Holtzclaw guilty of rape and forcible oral sodomy .
`` El-mo .	We wo n't go ! ''	The twist on a popular protest chant echoed in Washington D.C. as people marched -- many with puppets -- in support of public broadcasting .
`` I should have did the honorable thing , '' Jesse James tells CNN 's Piers Morgan .	`` I should have left her , you know ?	If I wanted to screw around , I should have , you know , ended it . ''
A 22-year-old man home from college killed his mother after they argued about his grades , authorities in Alabama said Saturday .
Susan Rice , who was President Barack Obama 's national security adviser , caused a stir Friday afternoon when she tweeted `` Me '' when another former Obama official asked who could challenge Sen. Susan Collins in 2020 .
A 24-year-old Pakistani man was mutilated in a so-called honor killing , police said .
O.J .	Simpson asked a Nevada parole board to free him , claiming he 's been a model inmate in 5 years since his conviction for kidnapping and armed robbery .
The Pakistani Taliban denied any involvement in a double bombing at the Boston Marathon that killed at least three people , spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan said Wednesday .
Trump kept his decision to fire FBI Director Comey close to the vest , unlike other areas where he solicits a wide range of opinions
Bill Nye has filed suit against Disney , claiming the media giant hoodwinked him out of more than $ 9 million in earnings .
The alma mater of journalist Helen Thomas will not bestow an award that had been given in her name , making the decision after the 90-year-old scribe made more controversial comments about Jewish people .
Singer Robin Gibb has `` confounded '' his doctors by emerging from a coma just days after they thought he might not survive it , his physician said Sunday .
The engineer of the Amtrak train that crashed in Philadelphia does n't remember what happened because of a concussion , his lawyer says .
Matt Sandusky , his wife and four children have filed a motion to have their names legally changed , court documents in Centre County , Pennsylvania , show .
Oh , how analysts worried ahead of UK elections -- instability in the making .	Despite a majority for one party , there is danger of instability .
Football 's lawmakers have taken the historic step of unanimously approving goal-line technology systems for use in the sport .
One of Donald Trump 's top supporters insisted Sunday that the Republican nominee is backing away from one of his most controversial immigration proposals : mass deportations .
Mexico grappled Monday with a deadly double-punch of tropical weather .
Mitt Romney will speak Thursday on `` the state of the 2016 presidential race , '' he said in a press release .
Just 10 days after he returned to the sprawling complex in In Amenas from a visit home , American Victor Lovelady was taken hostage in Algeria .
The leaders of North and South Korea will hold a second summit in Pyongyang in September , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry .
( CNN ) -	Legendary outlaw Robin Hood has suddenly assumed a featured role in the 2012 presidential campaign .	Adding a new attack line on Monday to his stump speech , the president railed against rival Mitt Romney 's tax proposals , saying they amount to `` Robin Hood in reverse .
( CNN ) --	What is Jon Stewart ?	A lot was made of the `` Daily Show '' host after his D.C. rally , which got major national attention and saw hundreds of thousands of fans in attendance .
Richard Matt and David Sweat meticulously planned their New York state prison break , and sneaked out of their cells at night to rehearse , authorities said .
A Phoenix police officer was shot and seriously injured while making a traffic stop , and the shooter or shooters are on the loose , police said .
Donald Trump tweeted Saturday that tragedies like the death of NBA star Dwyane Wade 's cousin are one of the reasons African-Americans will vote for the Republican nominee , later adding that he can `` fix '' inner-city problems .
Michael Caputo , a former top Trump campaign adviser with strong ties to Russia , told CNN in an exclusive interview that he `` never once '' discussed nor heard anyone else mention Russian involvement in the race to defeat Hillary Clinton .
After a highly contentious divorce , the money just is n't enough for oil tycoon	Harold Hamm 's ex-wife .
Adult film actress Stormy Daniels is offering to return the $ 130,000 payment she received from President Donald Trump 's attorney in exchange for dissolving a so-called `` Hush Agreement . ''
Jason Kessler , the Charlottesville resident who organized the rally of white nationalists and other groups , was forced to flee from counterprotesters while trying Sunday to give a news conference in front of city hall .
Charles Manson follower Bruce Davis has been `` found suitable for parole '' on Wednesday , his 31st appearance before the parole board .
A mailman from Florida wanted to make a big , bold point about the corruption that results from money in politics .
A gunman opened fire at a high school near Portland , Oregon , killing one student and forcing others to flee .
From 2005 to 2012 , the rate of calls to poison control centers about dietary supplements increased by almost 50 % , and most of the exposures were in children younger than 6 , according to a new study .
A man stepped out for a smoke in Paris on Wednesday and saw two men standing outside with Kalashnikovs .	Moments later the Charlie Hebdo massacre began .
Donald Trump 's official Twitter account tweeted a photo Tuesday that appears to show German World War II uniforms instead of American soldiers .
A missing 13-year-old boy escaped from a hidden compartment in a Georgia home , crawling out from behind the shelves of a linen closet to reach police .
Voters are casting their ballots for a special election in Ohio , and primaries are underway in Kansas , Michigan , Missouri and Washington state .	Follow here for the latest .
Former Massachusetts Gov .	Mitt Romney will not make a third run for president , he told supporters on a Friday morning call , saying he believes it 's `` best to give other leaders in the party the opportunity '' to become the nominee .
Jeb Bush has suggested in the past that his blunt , outspoken , 90-year-old mother has strong opinions about Donald Trump .
Fellow music legends and devastated fans mourn the loss of Whitney Houston , who died at a Beverly Hills hotel at age 48 .
The iceberg wedge salads , dripping with blue cheese dressing , had just been served on the terrace of Mar-a-Lago Saturday when the call to President Donald Trump came in : North Korea had launched an intermediate-range ballistic missile , its first challenge to international rules since Trump was sworn in three weeks ago .
New US Defense Secretary James Mattis defends the planned deployment of a missile defense system in South Korea , saying only North Korea had anything to fear from it .
Radio icon Casey Kasem 's daughter wins a court order and visits her father Friday evening for the first time since he was taken to Washington state .
If you do n't watch , here 's everything you need to know about the show that fills your social media feed with tears every week .
The jury in Bill Cosby 's assault trial agreed on many points in the case and accepted his accuser 's testimony as true , but they remained at a hopeless deadlock because some were confused by how the charges were worded , a juror told CNN .
In Hawthorne , the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Baitus-Salaam Mosque and the Islamic Center of Hawthorne were vandalized , with Jesus slogans spray-painted .
P.J .	Crowley abruptly resigned Sunday as State Department spokesman over controversial comments he made about the Bradley Manning case .
The U.S. Secret Service apprehended a man Thursday after he jumped over a White House fence on the North Lawn .
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has fired one of his top lieutenants , according to South Korea 's Unification Ministry .
Top executives at Disney and ABC have personally apologized to Kelly Ripa for last week 's bungled announcement about the departure of her co-host Michael Strahan .
The death of Terence Crutcher in Tulsa , Oklahoma , after a police shooting is being investigated by the Justice Department and state authorities .
Louise Linton and Mnuchin posed with sheets of new $ 1 bills on Wednesday at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington , D.C .
Hillary Clinton has at least one thing to be thankful for : Superdelegates
With his rough , calloused hands , Guam local Marco Martinez steadily trims his fishing line .	North Korea generals are working on a plan to fire four missile into the water less than 25 miles off the island 's coast .
Federal health officials met a plane landing at John F. Kennedy International Airport after passengers reported feeling ill , according to sources .
Donald Trump threatened Saturday to bring Gennifer Flowers , with whom Bill Clinton admitted to having a sexual relationship decades ago , to Monday 's presidential debate .
The rapper `` 50 Cent '' is heading to court to explain why he 's declaring bankruptcy -- while posting pictures surrounded by cash on Instagram .
Donald Trump on Monday addressed the latest accusations of inappropriate sexual contact made against him , saying of the accuser , an adult film performer , `	` Oh , I 'm sure she 's never been grabbed before . ''
Organizers say Wal-Mart workers plan a walkout on Black Friday , marking another battle in the war between the nation 's largest employer and its employees .
In an effort to open up lending to more low-income and first-time home buyers , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced Monday that they will start backing mortgages with down payments of as little as 3 % of the home 's price .
Health authorities are working to identify people who may have been exposed to a patient with a drug-resistant form of tuberculosis .
Convicted Ohio school shooter T.J. Lane , who is serving a life sentence for killing three students at Chardon High School in 2012 , has escaped from prison .
Additional remains have been discovered of Sgt .	La David Johnson who was killed in the October 4 ambush by ISIS fighters in Niger , according to a US official .
Afghan authorities will investigate the sudden illness of students and staff at three schools in the past week in northern Afghanistan , the Afghan Human Independent Rights Commission said on Sunday .	Local doctors suggested the Taliban may be the perpetrators of possible poison attacks .
Donations to Cynthia Tisdale 's husband 's GoFundMe page soared after her death in the shooting at Santa Fe High School .
President Barack Obama reacted to the death of Fidel Castro in a statement released by the White House Saturday morning , offering condolences to his family and extending a hand of friendship to the Cuban people .
President Donald Trump on Thursday chided NATO member countries directly for not meeting their financial commitments to the alliance and declined to reiterate US commitment to the alliance 's mutual defense pledge .
Donald Trump joked Monday that women in the Islamic world might prefer to wear burkas because it lessens the need to apply make-up .
US swimmer Ryan Lochte will be suspended from his sport for 10 months and wo n't be allowed to participate in the 2017 world championship meet as a result of his role in a scandal in Rio de Janeiro during the Olympics , a person with knowledge of the situation told a CNN contributor .
Excessive alcohol use could increase your risk for all types of dementia , particularly early-onset dementia , according to a new study .
Angry relatives of missing South Korean ferry passengers cursed government and police officials Thursday for failing to do enough to save lives .
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani will not serve in Donald Trump 's incoming administration , the President-elect announced Friday .
Reporter Yalda Hakim of Australia ’	s SBS network has become the first western journalist to visit the villages where a U.S. soldier allegedly killed 17 people .	In a remarkable report she talks with some of the survivors and some Afghan guards on duty at the military camp from where Staff Sergeant Robert Bales left on his alleged killing spree .
Isla Vista shooting suspect Elliot Rodger wrote in his `` twisted world '' manifesto that he began fantasizing about punishing `` popular kids '' when he was 17 .
Explosions rumbled through Gaza all night into Friday .	Palestinian health officials reported another death in the conflict with Israel .
Actress Chloë Grace Moretz has spoken out against the marketing for `` Red Shoes & the 7 Dwarfs , '' an animated film to which she lends her voice , after ads for the movie drew attention for their body-shaming tone .
After terrorists struck the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , a New York ferry captain who later became a city firefighter helped evacuate hundreds of people from Lower Manhattan .
A Stone Mountain woman has won half of the second-largest Mega Millions jackpot in U.S. history and has taken the cash option .
In the past eight weeks , more than 130 small earthquakes have trembled beneath the surface of Mount St. Helens .
A congresswoman went out with a bang Tuesday when she mocked the weight of a party activist who did n't support her re-election .
One in 68 U.S. children has an autism spectrum disorder , a 30 % increase from 1 in 88 two years ago , according to a new report from the CDC Thursday .
Eleven people were killed in Saturday 's shooting at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh , according to Curt Conrad , chief of staff for Pittsburgh City Councilman Corey O'Connor .
As some Florida Keys residents return to their devastated islands Tuesday , 15 million Floridians are learning when they 'll finally get power back .
Ferguson , Missouri , and the surrounding area were on edge for weeks as a grand jury decided whether Officer Darren Wilson would be charged in the August shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown .	After weeks of waiting , that decision has been made , and will be announced Monday night at 9 p.m . ET .
Australian superstar Olivia Newton-John has revealed she is again battling cancer , her third diagnosis in three decades , during an interview broadcast on Sunday night .
Ikea has dodged 1 billion euros in taxes between 2009 and 2014 , a report by the Green party in the European Parliament claims .
A 15-year-old is being widely praised for an act of kindness during a cross-country flight .
CIA director Gina Haspel is set to brief President Donald Trump on the investigation into the death of Jamal Khashoggi on Thursday , as the President increasingly expresses frustration with the Saudi response and the country 's crown prince vows `` justice '' for the journalist 's killers .
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and its strike group will arrive off the Korean Peninsula at the end of April , multiple US defense officials tell CNN .	The carrier and its escorts left Singapore on April 8 , according to a statement from the Navy 's Pacific Fleet .
Arizona Gov .	Jan Brewer vetoed a bill that would have allowed businesses that asserted their religious beliefs the right to deny service to gay customers .
Former San Diego Mayor Bob Filner was sentenced Monday to 90 days in home confinement , probation , and fines totaling about $ 1500 as part of a plea deal .
Employees at Newsweek have been told that editor-in-chief Bob Roe and executive editor Ken Li have been fired , sources with knowledge of the situation told CNN .
Hillary Clinton told a receptive audience over the weekend in India that while she thought President Donald Trump played to some of Americans ' worst fears , he does not reflect the country as a whole .
The publisher of Michael Wolff 's new book about President Trump is rushing it onto bookshelves .
( CNN ) -- GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney is scheduled to address the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Monday in Los Angeles .	Below are excepts of his speech released by his campaign .	`` During the course of this campaign I have traveled across our country .
The Pentagon is banning deployed personnel from using fitness trackers , smartphones and potentially even dating apps that use geolocating features that could reveal the user 's location .
Hard-hitting boxing heavyweight	Joe Frazier died Monday , a month after being diagnosed with liver cancer , his family said .
Today 's arguments focused on federal Defense of Marriage Act .	It denies Social Security , other spousal benefits to same-sex couples .	The court heard 80 minutes of arguments yesterday focused on California same-sex marriage ban .	Live updates below .
As midnight approaches , the tension in Ferguson gets thicker .
Donald Trump drew boos from religious conservatives Friday after he called Marco Rubio a `` clown '' and attacked him on immigration .
BP will try again within the next day to cap a well that has gushed millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , the energy company said Friday .
Indian authorities in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh have made a grisly find in one of their police stations : Dozens of human skeletons .
An attack on the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul ended early Thursday after police searched the campus and two attackers were killed , Fraidoon Obaidi , chief of Kabul police 's Criminal Investigation Department , told AFP .
Gene Wilder mastered the art of the comic nervous breakdown , the character that always seemed seconds away from a shrieking , totally manic fit .
Doctors in the small Chilean town of La Boca have found a calcified fetus in the uterus of an elderly woman who says she never realized she got pregnant .
The Independence of the Seas cruise ship returned to Florida on Saturday after many passengers contracted a gastrointestinal illness .
An antibiotic-resistant superbug launched from the same pad where the first manned mission to the moon lifted off to be studied on the International Space Station .
The CDC says 27 more people have gotten sick in a multistate outbreak of salmonella illness linked to recalled Kellogg 's Honey Smacks cereal , bringing the total number of illnesses to 100 .
Authorities arrested a Kentucky teenage couple Sunday after two weeks on the run and a series of alleged crime sprees involving stolen cars and guns .
Growing inequality has added to the net worth of the world 's richest billionaires , according to a new Oxfam report .
Arrested development and more technology and concern for safety have decreased frequency of sex for young people .
Hampshire College in Amherst	, Massachusetts has removed all flags from campus after a US flag being flown half-staff was burned .
Singer Wayne Mills , whose `` outlaw country '' songs center on honky-tonk life , died in a Nashville bar shooting Saturday , police said .
Editor 's Note : Sandy unleashed powerful winds and torrential rains Monday in the mid-Atlantic and Northeast as it sped toward shore .	Subways and bridges were shut down and streets were quiet as gusts howled over a huge region encompassing hundreds of miles .	At 7 p.m .
The House intelligence committee issued subpoenas Wednesday to former adviser Michael Flynn and President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer , Michael Cohen
After readying a possible nuclear test , it seems that North Korea 's nuclear technicians are entitled to some downtime .
Online chatter about the death of Osama bin Laden was so intense on Sunday night that Twitter set a new record .
Less than 24 hours after President Donald Trump told an audience full of police officers to be `` rough '' on suspects , the acting DEA chief rebuked the suggestion
The little girl known as `` Baby Doe '' -- who in June was found dead , her body wrapped in a trash bag on a rocky shoreline in Boston Harbor -- has been identified as Bella Bond , officials said Friday .
Nelson Mandela , the revered statesman who emerged from prison after 27 years to lead South Africa out of decades of apartheid , has died .
Uzbekistan Airways announced it will weigh passengers prior to flights to determine how much weight they 'll be adding to the plane .
21st Century Fox and the private equity firm Blackstone are in talks to launch a bid for Tribune Media , one of the nation 's largest television broadcasting companies .
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is raising questions about Republican rival Ted Cruz 's electability in light of the Texas senator 's birth in Canada , which Trump called a `` very precarious '' problem .
Washington ( CNN ) --	Sarah Palin has added a veteran Republican strategist to serve as chief-of-staff for her political action committee , Sarah PAC , CNN has learned .
A Republican tide ripped the Senate away from Democrats Tuesday , giving the GOP full control of Congress
Carly Fiorina has rocketed into second place in the Republican presidential field and Donald Trump has lost some support , a new national CNN/ORC poll shows .
'Christopher Robin ' review : Ewan McGregor stars in Disney 's sweet take on the silly old bear Winnie the Pooh , from director Marc Forster
`` Supergirl '' star Melissa Benoist got word that Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush called her `` pretty hot . ''	`` I do n't know what to think about it , '' the actress said in a interview with `` CBS This Morning . ''
( CNN ) -	Friday 's jobs report indicating only 96,000 jobs were created in August brought a quick end to any lingering Democratic euphoria from this week 's party convention , bringing into sharp reality the challenges President Barack Obama will face in the two months until Election Day .
Bishop Eddie Long , the controversial leader of one of the nation 's largest megachurches , has died , according to the suburban Atlanta church he presided over .	He was 63 .
President-elect Donald Trump leaned on a collection of Republican foreign policy veterans for guidance in selecting ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his nominee for secretary of state , according to sources familiar with the process .
A psychologist who was shot dead at a Texas veterans ' hospital filed a complaint in 2013 saying his killer had threatened him , an FBI agent said Wednesday .
Dozens of children are among the latest victims of the Syrian civil war after barrel bombs fell on an elementary school Wednesday , dissidents said .
The Illinois State Police are looking into a possible new suspect in the 1957 abduction and murder of a 7-year-old Sycamore girl .
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders will beat Hillary Clinton in the Maine Democratic caucuses , while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio won the Republican primary in Puerto Rico .
A Cuban government investigator looking into reports of `` sonic attacks '' on US and Canadian diplomats on the communist-run island on Monday dismissed a US government theory that microwave weapons emitting concentrated beams of radiation may have been used in the incidents .
Obama 's top aides , including David Axelrod , communicated with Hillary Clinton at her private email address while she was secretary of state .
When is a can of beans more than just a can of beans ?	When it could stop a school shooter .
NBA bans Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling for life , fines him $ 2.5 million fine over racist remarks .
A US Navy plane crashed into the ocean southeast of Okinawa on Wednesday afternoon , marking at least the sixth apparent accident involving a Navy asset in East Asian waters this year .
Global food giant Nestle has confirmed that its Thailand seafood suppliers are engaged in abusive labor practices .
UPS cargo plane crash :	The pilot and co-pilot of a UPS cargo plane died ; their Airbus A300 crashed in Birmingham , Alabama
At one of Nevada 's legal brothels , a 20-year-old woman dreaming of becoming a lawyer signed up for work -- and not to have sex .
( CNN ) - Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , who along with President George W. Bush helped send the United States military action in Iraq and Afghanistan , said in an interview Wednesday the White House has yet to justify potential strikes in Syria .
Updated 3:37 p.m . ET , 10/13/2013 Washington ( CNN ) - Angered by the closure of national landmarks due to the partial government shutdown , a crowd of conservatives removed barricades Sunday at the World War II Memorial and the Lincoln Memorial as they rallied against President Barack Obama and Demo ...
Bernie and Jane Sanders earned nearly $ 206,000 in 2014 and paid about $ 28,000 in federal taxes , according to a tax return released by his campaign Friday night .
President Donald Trump has assigned the Department of Homeland Security , working with the Justice Department , to help build the legal case for its temporary travel ban on individuals from seven countries , a senior White House official tells CNN .
President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed his debunked argument that he had no authority to stop separations of undocumented immigrant families at the border , signing an executive order to keep parents and kids together .
A Dallas teen mistakenly deported to Colombia returned to the United States on Friday .
A yeast infection led to the failure of the first uterus transplant performed in the United States , the Cleveland Clinic said Friday .
Ukrainian PM Arseniy Yatsenyuk signs political elements of a European Union trade pact as Russian lawmakers finalize annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region .
A lava bomb hit a tour boat Monday morning in Hawaii , injuring 23 people , the Hawaii County Fire Department said .
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz says the company is `` respectfully '' asking gun owners not to bring their weapons into Starbucks stores .
The Seattle-based company opened a 30,000-square-foot store in Shanghai .	China has become a vital market for the coffee chain .
The publisher of James Comey 's book `` A Higher Loyalty '' is printing 850,000 copies to meet the expected demand from buyers .
Edward Snowden 's embrace of Twitter on Tuesday made waves across the social network -- and of course , generated controversy .
Friends of Claire Davis , the 17-year-old senior critically wounded in Friday 's shooting at a Colorado high school , are thankful she made it through the night .
Michael Flynn 's lawyer had it right back in March 2017 -- his client certainly has a story to tell .	That special counsel Robert Mueller clearly agrees but is not ready to share the former national security adviser 's tale with the American people can not be anything but bad news for President Donald Trump and those around him .
It 's a harrowing story -- even by the standards of blood-soaked Libya .
The wives of the British and German ambassadors to the United Nations have taken on Syria 's first lady in an online video .
Researchers at the Montana State University have breaking news -- one million years in the making .
Monty Hall , best known as the game show host for 'Let 's Make a Deal , ' died Saturday morning in Los Angeles , his daughter Sharon Hall said .	He was 96 .
Scientists in Vietnam have confirmed a case of bi-paternal twins , or twins who have different fathers .
By Sr.	State Dept . Producer Elise Labott and Sr.	Producer Carol Cratty Justice Department memo made the case that the United States could legally kill U.S.-born militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki if it was not possible to capture him alive , a senior U.S .
Robert Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe 's President on Tuesday after 37 years of autocratic rule , finally succumbing to the pressure of a military takeover and the humiliation of impeachment .
Kim Davis is a free woman now , but what will the Rowan County , Kentucky , clerk do when she returns to work ?
Meg Urry says Sally Ride , America 's first female astronaut , was an important role model for generations of women .
Boston bombing suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev has tweeted since the Boston Marathon bombings on what two friends of his tell CNN is his Twitter account .
A large California fire that has been raging since Monday afternoon has claimed a ranch owned by `` Big Bang Theory '' actor Johnny Galecki , his representative told CNN .
The Secret Service says a man got caught trying to jump the White House fence on Friday .
The White House has been prohibiting cameras at some press briefings , so on Friday CNN got creative and sent a sketch artist .
A plane landed at an Istanbul airport Friday after a passenger `` said that there was a bomb on board '' and wanted to land in Sochi , Russia , the Olympics site .
A judge declared a mistrial Monday in actress Nicollette Sheridan 's wrongful termination lawsuit against `` Desperate Housewives '' creator Marc Cherry and ABC .
Piers Morgan Tonight , the new weekday 9	pm interview show coming in January .	Unpredictable Lively Challenging Fun Entertaining on CNN
An arrest warrant was issued Sunday night for a man in the disappearance of an Arkansas Realtor .
Frigid weather that gripped much of the nation created a crisis situation in Nevada , where rescue teams have been searching for two adults and four children .
The Republican group looking to block GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump from the nomination is going on-air with an ad showing women reading some of his sharpest knocks on other women .
Stacey Yepes took a selfie of her third stroke after pulling over while driving .	Doctors used the video to diagnose her stroke symptoms .
Virginia firefighters James Kelly and Virgil Bloom did what they believed was in the best interest of a baby when they rushed her to a hospital instead of waiting for an ambulance to arrive .
For Agness Jonathan , every day is a gamble with her children 's lives .
Yahoo 's former CEO testified before a Senate Commerce Committee Tuesday about a massive security breach that compromised three billion user accounts .
FBI :	Man accused of setting a fire in an air traffic control center , causing shutdown of Chicago airports , sent Facebook message just before fire .
To cut costs , the Postal Service is pushing new housing developments to use cluster boxes instead of home delivery .	Even more drastic , a House bill is trying to end home delivery altogether .
The killing in Belize of a US Marine Corps veteran and his Canadian girlfriend has left their friends and families struggling with an awful question : How could this happen ?
Details are emerging that paint an ever clearer picture of the horror and drama that transpired over the four days that a Nairobi , Kenya , mall was under siege .
According to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more than 63,600 lives were lost to drug overdose in 2016 .
We 're in Day 16 of the partial government shutdown and just hours from when the Treasury says it will run out of money to pay its bills .
Arianna Huffington is stepping down from the website she co-founded a decade ago , The Huffington Post .
The man who killed a police commander and a woman in Magnanville , France , threatened the Euro 2016 soccer championship in a Facebook video , a police source told CNN .
A woman killed three people and wounded three others before fatally shooting herself at a drugstore distribution center Thursday in Harford County , Maryland , officials said .
A victim of clerical sexual abuse has said that Pope Francis told him that God made him gay and that his sexuality `` does not matter . ''
In one day , the number of people unaccounted for in Northern California 's Camp Fire fell by 307 while the death toll increased by two , authorities said .
A couple followed the Waze GPS app to the wrong address in a slum near Rio de Janiero , Brazil , where the wife died in a hail of gunfire , police say .
Violence erupted late Monday on the campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta after a vigil for a student shot and killed by police .
The shutdown of the New Jersey state government ended late Monday night when legislative leaders announced a deal had been reached on the state budget .
Deaths have been caused by people accidentally leaving their cars running after they 've parked them for the night .
Jahi McMath 's mother says she 's seen signs of improvement and wo n't stop fighting for her daughter , who was declared brain dead after tonsil surgery .
Members of the international community on Saturday forged an agreement for a transition to end the violence in and bring peace to Syria .
Element Electronics of South Carolina says it hopes the layoffs can be avoided .
The Federal Reserve raised rates again Thursday , and Wall Street cheered as some saw hints of a less aggressive central bank .
The next president must have a track record of accomplishments and challenging the status quo .
Ohio Gov .	John Kasich and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders got an early boost Tuesday as they won the vote in Dixville Notch , the New Hampshire hamlet that is home to the first vote in the first-in-the-nation primary .
FICO , the nation 's top credit score provider , is introducing a new scoring model this fall where medical debt in collections will have less of an impact on a consumer 's credit score than it currently does .
President Donald Trump squarely focused on one task as he landed in Puerto Rico : portraying his administration 's response to the devastation on the still-recovering island as a tremendous success .
Cops : Woman found beheaded outside her apartment on Long Island , and son apparently commits suicide by jumping in front of a train .
Nathan DeSai has been identified as the shooter who opened fire in southwest Houston , the mayor says .	Police say the suspect died in a shootout with officers .
A 35-year-old New York man has been charged with hate crimes in connection with seven `` knockout '' assaults , police said Saturday .
Seth Rogen revealed Friday he refused to take a picture with Paul Ryan and instead rebuked the House speaker .
In a little more than three months , Manti Te ' o probably will be drafted by an NFL team and sign a multimillion dollar deal .
LeBron James and other NBA players wear `` I ca n't breathe '' shirts as protesters in the Eric Garner case gather outside the Barclays Center in Brooklyn .
President-elect Donald Trump 's transition team has signaled to congressional Republican leaders that his preference is to fund the border wall through the appropriations process as soon as April , according to House Republican officials .
'Baywatch ' movie review : Dwayne Johnson , Zac Efron star in water-logged R-rated adaptation of TV show .
Police answering a suspicious package call in San Francisco made a grisly discovery when they opened a suitcase and found it contained human body parts .
An American and his family who were living in territory held by ISIS in Syria have been detained in Turkey , a senior Turkish official told CNN .
Three Drug Enforcement Administration agents are under investigation for allegedly hiring prostitutes in Colombia , a congressional source confirms to CNN .
The fight over implementing parts of the health care reform law could soon move to the U.S. Supreme Court
Hundreds of pages of court documents unsealed Friday in the case of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock offer a blueprint of investigators ' pursuits in determining how and why the reclusive high-stakes gambler carried out the deadliest shooting in modern US history .
A group of jihadists from the German city of Hamburg is alleged to be at the heart of the recent al Qaeda plot to launch coordinated terrorist attacks against European cities , European intelligence officials said .
A North Carolina family is pressing for details about why a state trooper shot and killed Daniel Kevin Harris , a 29-year-old deaf man , after a vehicle chase .
Meghan Markle intends to become a UK citizen , the British royal family has announced , confirming that the American actor 's marriage to Prince Harry would take place at Windsor Castle in May next year .
Next month will mark 15 years since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , but thousands of people continue to feel its effects on their health .
( CNN ) -	Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign said Monday they were pulling a television ad hitting rival Rick Santorum while the former senator tends to his young daughter , who was admitted to a hospital Friday .
President Donald Trump on Thursday sought to reassure young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the US as children concerned about their future after speaking with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , two sources tell CNN .
Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is expected to appear in court next week following the completion of the investigation into the killing of his girlfriend
The president returns to a favorite label for the Russia story .
Prosecutors added more charges and accusations to an already lengthy indictment of an HIV-positive former Maryland school aide and track coach who is accused of sexually assaulting underage students and recording the abuse on video .
On the eve the next 2016 contests , each of the remaining presidential candidates appear on CNN to take on issues from foreign policy to their political futures .
Bruce Jenner will follow up on his extraordinary interview with Diane Sawyer by further sharing life as a transgender woman in a reality TV series for the E ! cable channel .
Jennifer Lawrence 's publicist slammed the appearance of nude photographs of the Oscar-winning actress online Sunday as a `` flagrant violation of privacy . ''
The technology giant will ask a federal judge this week to stop sales of a Samsung tablet for allegedly ripping off the iPad .	The case rests on an increasingly vital set of assets : design patents .	UPDATE :	On Tuesday evening , June 26 , U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh issued a preliminary injunction
The plan involved grave looting , extortion and a Sicilian criminal syndicate .
An American man died last weekend in Syria while fighting for ISIS , the latest evidence of the reach of the terror group .
North Korea said Wednesday that it has the ability to miniaturize nuclear weapons , a key step toward building nuclear missiles .
A Texas police officer killed a mother who shot her two daughters and defied an order to put down her weapon , authorities said .
Researchers investigating deaths at Florida 's Dozier School for Boys exhume Thomas Curry 's casket in Philadelphia to find it filled with wooden planks .
South Dakota could become the first state to ban transgender students from using restrooms of the gender they identify with .
Netflix is betting a lot on its original series plan , and `` Arrested Development ''	is one of the brightest stars in its lineup .	But Wall Street was n't impressed .
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner , accused of sexually harassing women , rejects a recall petition effort , saying the city needs to move forward .
Melania Trump defended Donald Trump in her first interview since the Republican nominee faced allegations of sexual misconduct , calling those accusations `` lies '' and saying Trump was `` egged on '' into `` boy talk '' during a 2005 tape in which he made lewd comments about women .
Comedian John Oliver has been scrubbed from Chinese microblogging site Weibo after satirizing Chinese president Xi Jinping on his HBO show `` Last Week Tonight . ''
Rep. Luis Gutierrez spent part of Monday morning in handcuffs .	By the evening , the Democrat from Illinois was free to explain just what had happened .
36,000 Verizon workers walked off the job after failing to reach a new labor agreement with the telecom giant .
America 's leading merchants have spoken : The Confederate flag is coming off the shelves .
Gum disease and tooth loss are associated with a higher risk of early death in middle-aged and older women , a new study finds .
Tapes obtained by CNN of interrogations of a group of U.S. servicemen charged with unprovoked killings of Afghan civilians describe gruesome scenes of cold-blooded murder .
Sen. Marco Rubio has a new enemy on the campaign trail : Chocolate .	Specifically when it 's frozen .
[ cnn-photo-caption image= http : //i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2010/images/05/25/art.nikki.youtube.jpg caption = ''	The blogger claiming to have had an affair with Nikki Haley has posted a series of text messages between himself and Haley 's campaign manager on his website .
U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore published an open letter to Sean Hannity on Wednesday night pushing back against allegations of sexual abuse .
If you 're not on medicine to lower your cholesterol yet , you might be soon with the release of new treatment guidelines .
The Senate was nearly unanimous on Thursday passing a bill that would slap Russia with new sanctions and give Congress the power to review any White House attempts to roll them back .
Donald Trump , in his first public comments on the controversy , expressed no regrets Wednesday night for tweeting an image widely criticized as anti-Semitic .
President Donald Trump , as part of his dash to rack up wins before the end of his first 100 days , signed an executive order Thursday that creates a new office devoted to protecting whistleblowers at the Department of Veterans Affairs .
Kanye West told a shocked audience in California that he did n't cast a vote in the Presidential election earlier this month , but if he did , he `` would have voted for Trump . ''
For one group of kids in a village outside of London , an afternoon meant to be spent hunting Easter eggs turned suddenly into a thrilling hunt for burglars .
Anger over Sandra Bland 's death in a Texas jail has boiled over after newly released video showed what happened at the traffic stop that led to her arrest .
Starbucks said Monday that Howard Schultz is stepping down as executive chairman effective June 26 .
Updated 2:48 p.m . ET , 12/31/2013 ( CNN ) --	An MSNBC host apologized Tuesday morning after she and panelists on her weekend program faced criticism for poking fun at a photo of Mitt Romney , his wife and their nearly two dozen grandchildren , zeroing in on the Romneys ' recently adopted African-Americ ...
Mexican authorities captured the top leader of one of the country 's most violent drug cartels Tuesday , officials said .
A stowaway on a British Airways jet was found dead after falling on a roof as the plane approached London Heathrow Airport , authorities said Friday .
The Bronx fire that killed at least 12 people in an apartment building was started by a child playing with a stove , a New York fire official said .
The national manhunt for California Amber Alert suspect James DiMaggio and a missing teenage girl has moved to the Idaho wilderness .
A former investigator with the House Select Committee on Benghazi is accusing the Republican-led panel of carrying out a politically motivated investigation targeting former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton instead of the thorough and objective fact-finding mission it was set up to pursue .
Bezos ' Blue Origin successfully flies its New Shepard rocket into outer space and then lands it upright on landing pad in West Texas .
Eight people died after a helicopter crashed in central Java , Indonesia , while on a rescue mission following a volcanic eruption .
Sen. Rand Paul on Monday invited Russian lawmakers to Washington after meeting Russian members of parliament in Moscow .
A suspicious package addressed to actor-director Robert De Niro was reported early Thursday at the Manhattan building where his production company is based , and its marking and contents appear similar to pipe bomb packages recently mailed nationwide to top Democrats , two law enforcement sources said .
By Daniel Burke , Belief Blog Co-editor ( CNN ) -- She 's not one of us .	That 's what Satanists are saying about accused `` Craigslist killer '' Miranda Barbour .
Canada 's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland told CNN her country will `` fiercely defend '' its national interests after the US imposed a 20 % tariff on Canadian softwood lumber .
David Kusnet says Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address was 278 words and JFK was concise .	Twitter did n't dumb down speech : The most powerful phrases have been brief .
Once again , members of the 1994 San Diego Chargers are greiving for a fellow player , this time linebacker Junior Seau .
Investigators `` are looking at the strong possibility '' someone was with burned Mississippi teen Jessica Chambers moments before a fire engulfed her car
The man accused of killing eight people after driving a truck onto a New York bike path is a `` soldier of the caliphate , '' the ISIS terror group said without providing evidence to back up its claim .
The CNN Political Ticker is the hottest destination for the latest political news with dispatches , behind-the-scenes reports , and expert commentary , 24-7 .	For the latest political news from CNN 's Best Political Team , with campaign coverage , 24-7 .
Global debate over the Syrian crisis is expected to ratchet up this week , with Russian and European Union leaders tackling the thorny issue .
Anthony Acevedo thumbs through the worn , yellowed pages of his diary emblazoned with the words `` A Wartime Log '' on its cover .	It 's a catalog of deaths and atrocities he says were carried out on U.S. soldiers held by Nazis at a slave labor camp during World War II -- a largely forgotten legacy of the war .
There 's a global shortage of frozen sperm as women visit fertility clinics in ever greater numbers .	One small business in Denmark is growing as a result .
Forty-nine people were killed at Pulse , a gay nightclub in Orlando , in what marks the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history .
Among the casualties of the 2016 presidential campaign is the mystique of the FBI .
An arrest warrant was issued Friday for the captain of the ferry that sank off South Korea , an accident that killed 29 people and left nearly 270 missing .
( CNN ) - Both presidential campaigns are citing fund-raising spikes following the Supreme Court 's decision upholding President Barack Obama 's health care law .	Mitt Romney 's organization said Friday morning it had raised $ 4 .
Nathan `` Bodie '' Barksdale , the inspiration behind the show `` The Wire , '' has died in a federal prison .	He was 54 .
Millions of Americans are traveling for the Thanksgiving holiday , increasing the potential for traffic jams and long lines at the nation 's airports .	Follow here for live updates .
A quick-thinking passenger on a United flight to Denver tackled a man who was heading toward the cockpit , another man on the plane told CNN on Tuesday .
Agreement reached after a decade of negotiations ; deal will supply quarter of what China consumes in a year .	FORTUNE -- Russian gas may soon be flowing into China , the latest move in a raw game of energy power politics being played between Moscow and the European Union .	The move allows energy Gazprom
Justice officials are pointing to prison overcrowding in the escape of French gangster Redoine Faid
Findings from a radar scan of Tutankhamun 's tomb will be a crucial step in resolving one of ancient Egypt 's biggest enigmas .
Likely Democratic caucusgoers in Nevada are split almost evenly between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders ahead of Saturday 's caucuses , according to a new CNN/ORC Poll .
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Wednesday the Trump administration `` stands in absolute solidarity with Great Britain '' following a nerve agent attack against a Russian double agent and his daughter in the English city of Salisbury last week .
Uber and Lyft drivers discriminate riders based on gender and race , a new study suggests .
A new trial has been ordered for Mississippi death row inmate Michelle Byrom , according to a state Supreme Court opinion issued Monday .
First , they shared an awkward handshake .	Then , President Donald Trump complimented Brigitte Macron 's `` physical shape . ''
Our weekly roundup of the news , notes and chatter about the prospects for the next Democratic presidential race :
It marks the first time the court addressed the implications of free speech on social media .
A woman climbed a barbed wire fence in Halifax , Canada , hoping to stop a plane -- and her husband -- from taking off .
Nigerian aviation authorities suspended Dana Air 's license Tuesday as torrential rains hampered recovery efforts in the deadly crash .
The number of suicides in the United States has been on the rise since 1999 in everyone between the ages of 10 and 74 , according to a new report by the CDC .
'Game of Thrones ' season 7 finale review : A key death , Jon Snow and Daenerys ' relationship and key reunions highlight a brilliant episode of the HBO drama
After the Parkland , Florida school massacre , Lane Murdock , 16 , hatched a plan for students to walk out of school in protest on Friday , April 20 , the anniversary of the 1999 Columbine High School shooting .
The online retail giant announced a major overhaul to its parental leave policy on Monday .
As recently as May , rapper T.I .	was still firmly on Team Kanye , but that ended Thursday with the latter 's much-publicized trip to the White House .
Public health advocates are warning lawmakers the GOP plan to repeal Obamacare will eliminate nearly $ 1 billion in Centers for Disease Control and Prevention funding used for programs like preventing disease outbreaks and childhood lead poisoning .
PBS says an investigation found `` credible allegations '' of conduct inconsistent with its values and standards .	Smiley says he plans to `` fight back . ''
News of Anthony Bourdain 's death shook the world Friday morning .
Deborah Cohan and her medical team threw a pre-op dance party in the operating room before her double mastectomy .
Rep. Patrick Meehan said in an interview Tuesday with the Philadelphia Inquirer that while he had developed deep `` affection '' for a former staffer and saw her as a `` soul mate , '' he never pursued a romantic relationship with her , contrary to her claims .
U.S. contractor Alan Gross , held by the Cuban government since 2009 , was freed as part of a deal with Cuba that paves the way for a overhaul in U.S. policy .
An American woman who went to Nepal to help in the aftermath of April 's devastating earthquake has been killed , police said .
Former New Mexico Gov .	Bill Richardson is going to Cuba on Wednesday to try to negotiate the release of jailed U.S. contractor Alan Gross , CNN has learned .
Missing Malaysia Airlines flight way off course , not sending ID code when it vanished , Malaysian Air Force official tells CNN
Twenty-one people were killed in Friday 's attack on the Radisson Blu Hotel in the Mali capital of Bamako , a United Nations spokesman says .
This evening on `` Piers Morgan Tonight , '' Garden State Governor Chris Christie sits down for an hour-long , exclusive interview .	As the subject turns to New Jersey state taxes , Christie offers some candid quotes regarding a certain billionaire .
A day after fall shrimping season began in the Gulf of Mexico and the state of Alabama reopened coastal waters to fishing , a major environmental watchdog group called for more stringent testing of seafood .
With vote counting in Missouri completed for Tuesday night , Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump lead their respective party primaries there by less than half a percentage point .
The US ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley , has told CNN that removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power is a priority , cementing an extraordinary U-turn in the Trump administration 's stance on the embattled leader .
An open letter signed by the Tesla CEO and 115 other robotics and artificial intelligence experts urges the U.N. to ban the use of lethal autonomous weapons .
A Kalispell , Montana , newlywed accused of pushing her husband from a cliff wants her trial postponed after prosecutors told her attorney they have evidence her husband was blindfolded before falling to his death , court documents say .
US President Donald Trump seemed to revive hopes for a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next month , telling reporters at the Oval Office late Saturday , `` we 're looking at June 12th in Singapore .	That has n't changed . ''
As Ukraine 's new leaders accused Russia of declaring war , Russia 's prime minister warned Sunday that blood could be spilled amid growing instability .
President Trump heads to Florid a day after James Comey 's first sit-down interview since his firing .	Meanwhile , Stormy Daniels and Micahel Cohen are in court .	Follow here for the latest .
`` Octomom '' Nadya Suleman says she 's so determined to support her 14 children , she 'd act in a porn film , although she would n't touch another `` human 's flesh . ''
Clippers owner Donald Sterling says he 's sorry in a CNN exclusive interview , nearly two weeks after the NBA banned him for life for making racist comments .
A man dies after setting himself on fire outside Kensington Palace , the London home of Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , police said .
Bernie Sanders tied himself to Democratic hero Franklin D. Roosevelt and Martin Luther King Jr. Thursday in a long-awaited speech in which he argued that `` democratic socialism '' is no different than many things already woven in the fabric of the nation .
Syrian government troops now control most of the neighborhoods in the old city of Aleppo after days of fierce fighting against rebel forces , with only small pockets remaining in opposition hands .
A six person Florida jury awarded Hulk Hogan $ 115 million in the Gawker sex tape case .
The U.S. government has warned airlines to pay particular attention to the possibility of terrorists attempting to hide explosives in shoes , sources said .
Pepper Schwartz says the Vogue photo shoot of Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer sends the unintended message : It 's not enough to be really smart .
Starting November 11 , Google will be able to include Google+	users faces , names and comments in ads .
Illinois is grappling with a severe budget crisis that could soon lead to an embarrassing first .
Who is Alton Nolen , the suspect in last week 's Moore , Oklahoma , workplace beheading ?
An Asheville police officer will face preliminary charges of assault , the Buncombe County District Attorney 's Office said Thursday .
A cluster of pulmonary fibrosis cases was identified among dentists and dental technicians treated at one Virginia care center , the CDC reports .
The White House on Monday walked back a key point of President Donald Trump 's unsubstantiated allegation that President Barack Obama wiretapped his phones in Trump Tower during the 2016 election .
The NSA 's internal watchdog detailed a dozen instances in the past decade in which its employees intentionally misused the agency 's surveillance power .
Editor 's note : Jared Loughner , the Arizona man who pleaded guilty to the January 2011 attempted assassination of then-U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , was sentenced Thursday to life in prison without parole .
Republican Ben Carson told Sinclair Broadcasting on Sunday night that he plans to announce his candidacy for president of the United States on Monday .
President Barack Obama grew emotional Tuesday as he made a passionate call for a national `` sense of urgency '' to limit gun violence .
Members of the British Royal Air Force are sending a message to ISIS in a storied way -- scrawled on the outside of a bomb .
Authorities are trying to figure out how a 9-year-old boy , traveling alone and apparently without a boarding pass , flew from Minneapolis to Las Vegas .
Doctors ordered Miley Cyrus to stay in a hospital a second day after she suffered `` a severe allergic reaction to antibiotics , '' the singer tweeted Wednesday .
Abraj Kudai , a complex in Mecca , Saudi Arabia , is set to become the world 's largest hotel by room count when it opens in 2017 .
Fox News is not renewing Sarah Palin 's contract , Politico reports .
How much did Vice President Mike Pence 's trip to Indianapolis to watch -- and then abruptly leave -- a football game Sunday between the Indianapolis Colts and San Francisco 49ers cost ?
President Donald Trump is acting like he knows something about the Russia investigation that the rest of America has yet to learn .
Rep. Carlos Curbelo , R-Florida , criticized White House aides Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller by name on Monday evening , arguing that it 's `` pretty clear ''	the two staffers think alt-right groups `` should be accommodated . ''
Facebook just reported another quarter of amazing growth and the stock is soaring .	Mark Zuckerberg obviously deserves a lot of credit for that .	But is he the top corporate leader in America at the ripe old age of 31 ?
Internal documents obtained by CNN call the new initiative an `` anchor delivered journalistic responsibility message . ''
Bernie Sanders ' interview with the New York Daily News ahead of the state 's primary later this month did n't go as planned .
Five workers at an Idaho dairy have been fired after an undercover video by animal rights activists showed mistreatment towards cows , the dairy owner said .
Source :	Four people thought to be connected to the drugs found in Philip Seymour Hoffman 's house were arrested
In an unusual step , a U.S. congressman is proposing a two-year ban on all new federal legislation regulating the Internet .
Reversing its initial stance , Target now says that PINs were stolen in the retailer 's massive breach of 40 million accounts .
Speed -- not drugs , mechanical failure or racing -- killed `` Fast & Furious '' star Paul Walker , according to the investigation of last year 's fiery car crash ,
Sgt .	Bowe Bergdahl spent five years held captive by the Taliban .	And depending on the outcome of his sentencing hearing , he could spend the rest of his life behind bars .
Jodi Routh was desperate .	Since being diagnosed with PTSD , her son , Eddie Ray Routh , had been in clinics , his behavior spiraling out of control , she said .
Police in Japan have arrested a man in connection with the stabbing of Mayu Tomita in Koganei City , western Tokyo .
( CNN ) -	Newt Gingrich may be far behind in the GOP delegate count - he has a quarter of the number frontrunner Mitt Romney does - but said on CNN 's `` The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer '' that he is n't bowing out of the race .
The US Secret Service is considering renting one floor in Trump Tower to protect President-elect Donald Trump and his family by turning it into a 24-7 command post , a law enforcement official told CNN Friday .
After pumping up the excitement for her new role as a Pepsi spokesperson , Kendall Jenner unveiled her debut ad on Tuesday and quickly became the target of backlash , as did the soda company .
In what 's being described as a political `` earthquake , '' a tea party neophyte booted the No . 2 House Republican , Eric Cantor , from office .	But the tea party suffered a setback in South Carolina , where incumbent Lindsey Graham prevailed to avoid a runoff .
Pamela Geller called it an attack on free speech after 2 men opened fire at a contest for Prophet Mohammed cartoons in suburban Dallas .
Various sex toys , including a vibrator , were mistaken for a bomb , causing a partial closure at Berlin 's Schönefeld Airport on Tuesday
The Supreme Court rejected the Trump administration 's request Friday to stop a lawsuit brought by youths who are seeking to hold the government accountable for failing to do enough to fight climate change .
`` Tawny crazy ants ' '' could change ecological balances in parts of the U.S. , researchers say , largely because the ants can wipe out colonies of fire ants
Brexit is officially underway -- here are 50 things on UK Prime Minister Theresa May 's to-do list .
Ukraine 's president declares the start of `` negotiations aimed at cessation of bloodshed and stabilization '' in the unsettled Eastern European nation .
A leak has caused the closure of a pipeline that carries gasoline to the eastern U.S. , a disruption that threatens to drive up prices and leave service stations without fuel to sell .
A man armed with a rifle entered a Macy 's store at a mall in Washington state , fatally shot five people and vanished into the night .	A search is underway for the suspect .
The lawyer representing the porn star suing President Donald Trump called a tweet he posted of an apparent data disc a `` warning shot '' to the President .
Harvey Weinstein just walked into into a New York Police Department precinct .	He 's expected to be charged with rape .	Follow here for the latest .
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders lauded Pope Francis for highlighting Dorothy Day -- a Catholic socialist -- and for calling for action on climate change and poverty in his speech to Congress on Thursday .
Corey Morgan is in custody on a first-degree murder charge in the shooting death of Tyshawn Lee in Chicago , police say .
Some tourists in British Columbia got a bit of a scare when a sea lion grabbed a little girl and dragged her into the water .
Kurdish authorities say Mohamad Jamal Khweis , a 26-year-old U.S. citizen from Virginia , was caught after emerging from ISIS territory .
North and South Korea exchanged\ fire over their heavily fortified border , the South Korean Defense Ministry says .
A keeper killed by a tiger at a Florida zoo this month broke the rules when she entered the big cat 's enclosure , zoo officials said .
White House trade adviser Peter Navarro says no countries will be excluded from upcoming steel and aluminum tariffs set to be imposed by the Trump administration , including the United States ' greatest allies .
The National Security Agency monitored more than 70 million phone calls made in France during a 30-day period , a report says .
( CNN )	-- President Barack Obama will nominate Doctors for America co-founder Dr. Vivek Hallegere Murthy as the next U.S .	Surgeon General , the White House announced Thursday .	Murthy will replace Regina Benjamin , who was appointed by Obama in 2009 and left her post last summer .
A former US Army soldier who has been on death row since 1988 for raping and murdering several women could now face execution after a judge denied his bid for another stay of execution .
Even if you had been allowed to kick the tires as the world 's largest airplane was rolled out for the first time Wednesday , it might have taken you a while .
A jury on Thursday found an undocumented immigrant not guilty in the July 2015 death of Kate Steinle , a decision that reignited the debate over immigration policy .
Investigators `` are looking at the strong possibility '' someone was with burned Mississippi teen Jessica Chambers moments before a fire engulfed her car
A food processing company that supplies meat to Kroger is recalling almost 35,000 pounds of ground beef because it might be contaminated with bits of hard plastic .	Consumers who have bought the meat are urged not to eat the products , but instead either throw it away or return it to the store .
Special counsel Robert Mueller 's office has spoken with both Attorney General Jeff Sessions and former FBI Director James Comey , it was revealed Tuesday .
Do n't you hate it when the weatherman gets it wrong ?	Apparently , so does Kim Jong Un .
Is cultural appropriation inherent in a non-Chinese person wearing Chinese-style apparel ?	As in a teenager wearing a cheongsam ( qipao ) to prom in Utah ?	The answer , Jeff Yang writes , is : It depends .	And it pays to consider context before opening fire .
Dick 's Sporting Goods , one of the largest sporting goods retailers in the world , says it has removed all guns from its store nearest to Newtown , Connecticut , and is suspending the sale of certain kinds of semi-automatic rifles from its chains nationwide .
Authorities give a timeline of Dr. Craig Spencer 's whereabouts before he became the fourth diagnosed Ebola case in the United States .
Rachel Farrokh , who weighs 40 pounds , says she has raised money to treat her eating disorder after making a desperate plea for her life in a YouTube video .
A grand jury has issued a fresh indictment charging Ariel Castro with 977 counts relating to allegations that he held three women captive for about a decade in his Cleveland home , the Cuyahoga County prosecutor 's office said Friday .
Around 93 % ( 1.8 billion ) of the world 's children breathe air that is so polluted it puts their health and development at serious risk , a new WHO report says .	In few places is this more pertinent than India where residents are bracing themselves for the country 's peak polluted season .
Updated Wednesday 5/29 at 10:30 a.m .	ET ( CNN ) --	U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann , a conservative firebrand whose bid for president last year ended after the Iowa caucuses , will not seek re-election to her Minnesota congressional seat in 2014 .
Obamacare architect describes how effort to sell health law was benefited by `` stupid '' voters
Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller released by North Korea after U.S. official brings letter to Pyongyang from President Barack Obama .
Before her death , Bella Bond was allegedly punched by her mother 's boyfriend because he thought she was possessed , a law enforcement source says .
Officials confirm that the remains found in Oklahoma 's Foss Lake were six people who went missing in 1969 and 1970 .
The US military is scrambling to explain an embarrassing mix-up after it released video obtained from Sunday 's raid in Yemen that turned out to have already been published online .
A Greyhound passenger attacked the driver on a moving bus early Thursday in Arizona , causing an accident that injured 24 people .
Bob Iger said he would quit as an adviser via Twitter , calling the choice a `` matter of principle . ''	Tesla CEO Elon Musk is also resigning as an adviser .
Popular actress Erin Moran , best known for her role as Joanie Cunningham in the TV sitcom	`` Happy Days , '' has died .	She was 56 .
The U.S. soldier accused in the killing of 16 Afghan civilians was identified Friday by sources .
The feds have opened another iPhone , but this time using a passcode .
Barack and Michelle Obama re-emerged on the public stage Monday in Washington , only this time for an event that has nothing to do with politics .
Protesters seething over their treatment by security forces hurled rocks at riot police in Ankara on Monday .
U.S. Army soldier Chelsea Manning , imprisoned for leaking classified documents , has tweeted a message confirming her health and safety following a suicide attempt .
Authorities are ruling out `` criminal suspicion '' in the death of superstar DJ Avicii , who died last week while vacationing in Oman .
Taco Bell becomes first national fast food chain to drop meals , toys combinations aimed at kids .
A 64-year-old man went missing when he was diving near the Andrea Doria shipwreck .	The Coast Guard says it has called off the search	and he 's presumed dead .
Highly regarded epidemiologist Timothy Cunningham was informed why he did n't get a promotion shortly before he disappeared more than two weeks ago , police said .
Two separate wrong-way wrecks killed 11 people early Sunday morning in Florida and California , officials said .
The man suspected of fatally shooting one man and wounding two women Tuesday near a Southern California polling station , had been `` bingeing on cocaine , '' police said .
Donald Trump 's campaign on Tuesday stood by a controversial tweet issued by the candidate 's son , Donald Trump Jr. , in which he likened Syrian refugees to a bowl of Skittles .
Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing in Afghanistan last month that killed seven CIA employees and contractors and a Jordanian military officer , according to a statement posted on Islamist Web sites .
There are no deaths reported in the crash involving an Aeromexico plane Tuesday in Durango , Mexico , the state 's governor , José R. Aispuro , said .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Sunday that he is confident there will not be a government shutdown over partisan disagreements about immigration issues when funding runs out at the end of the week .
An emergency alert notification sent out on Saturday claiming a `` ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii '' was a false alarm , according to state leaders and emergency officials , who blamed it on an employee who `` pushed the wrong button . ''
David Frum says a campaign led by politicians will polarize debate ; it 's better to let the leadership come from others .
Famed Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius appears in a South African court today seeking bail after being accused of murdering his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp , on Valentine 's Day .	We are live blogging the appearance .	Read the full story [ Updated at 7:55 a.m .
A defiant former Vice President Dick Cheney stood by his defense of the extreme interrogation techniques used by the CIA on detainees in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on Sunday , saying , `` I would do it again in a minute . ''
People convicted of domestic abuse in New York will now have to turn over all firearms , not just handguns , Gov .	Andrew Cuomo said Saturday .
Horizon Pharma has jacked up the price tag on a painkiller to nearly $ 3,000 a bottle , a 2,059 % increase from when the Irish company acquired the drug in late 2013 .
Ghana 's World Cup challenge is in danger of imploding after two of its star players were thrown out of their squad following allegations of physical and verbal attacks within the team 's camp .
A memo to law enforcement warns more armed bikers may be heading to North Texas .
Musk says he 's working himself to the bone and relies on Ambien to sleep .
Delta 's decision to cut ties with the NRA could cost it a generous tax break from Georgia lawmakers .
President Barack Obama , speaking early Wednesday in Afghanistan at the tail end of a surprise visit there , discussed how the war will end .
Ames , Iowa ( CNN ) -	A day after a debate that saw much of the GOP field gang up on front-runners Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich , Rick Perry largely avoided the debate 's big issues while continuing his Iowa push Sunday afternoon at Café Diem in Ames .
Dennis Rodman 's latest round of controversial `` basketball diplomacy '' in a country ruled by one of the world 's most repressive regimes is about to begin .
Four middle school students caught on camera verbally abusing their bus monitor have been suspended for a year , school district officials said Friday .
The gunman in the Tyrone , Missouri , rampage was identified as Joseph Jesse Aldridge , 36 , who 's believed to be a cousin to four of the seven slain victims .
Leanna Harris , mother of Georgia toddler who died in a hot car , has told authorities that she researched such deaths , police affidavit says .
More than 200 dolphins spent a second day penned in a cove by Japanese fishermen , U.S. conservationists said Sunday , many of them stressed and bloodied .
Bill O'Reilly 's account of a 1982 riot in Argentina is being sharply contradicted by seven other journalists who were his colleagues and were also there at the time .
Juliette the Unicorn went on the lam after posing with kids during a children 's photo shoot in Madera Ranchos , California , near Fresno .
A Baltimore rapper named Tyriece Travon Watson , who went by the stage name Lor Scoota , was fatally shot in broad daylight at a busy intersection on Friday , police said .
Just hours after he pried a rifle from a gunman who 'd opened fire at a Waffle House in Tennessee , James Shaw Jr. launched a fundraiser to help the victims ' families .
Hillary Clinton is not considering Bernie Sanders as a running mate , a Democrat familiar with the decision tells CNN .
Over the last year , Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been working on a new documentary called `` Weed . ''	The title `` Weed '' may sound cavalier , but the content is not .
Jon Stewart may no longer be the host of `` The Daily Show , '' but that does n't mean he does n't have something to say about Donald Trump and the 2016 election .
Less than a year after testing out a no-tipping policy at 18 restaurants , Joe 's Crab Shack is backing off the pilot program .
North Korea has been sending supplies to Syria that could be used to produce chemical weapons , a United Nations Security Council diplomat has told CNN .
First lady Melania Trump 's plane arrived in West Palm Beach , Florida , Thursday , the same week she cancelled her planned trip with her husband to Davos , Switzerland , at the last minute .
Bangladesh authorities say they have arrested the prime suspect in the murder of American blogger Avijit Roy who was hacked to death on a Dhaka street
`` Amnesty boxes '' lets travelers dispose of legal marijuana bought in Sin City before going through airport security .
NBC named Chuck Todd the new host of `` Meet the Press '' on Thursday , beginning a revamp by network news managers who say they want the iconic program to be the `` beating heart of politics . ''
Ariel Castro , convicted of imprisoning 3 women in his home for a decade , sentenced to life , plus 1,000 years .
President Donald Trump said Saturday that he is considering granting a posthumous pardon to boxer Jack Johnson on the advice of actor Sylvester Stallone .
Federal prosecutors are preparing criminal charges against President Donald Trump 's former lawyer Michael Cohen and could announce them by the end of the month , people familiar with the matter tell CNN .
( CNN ) -- Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney criticized planned cuts to the U.S. defense budget Thursday night , accusing President Barack Obama of weakening future American power .
JPMorgan agreed to pay $ 2.6 billion for its role as Bernard Madoff 's longtime banker .	Settlement funds are slated to go to victims of Madoff 's massive Ponzi scheme .
At least one person was killed and two buses were damaged when an overpass bridge under construction collapsed in Belo Horizonte , Brazil , a World Cup host .
International monitors investigating the Malaysia Airlines crash in eastern Ukraine said Friday the team was not given full access to the site .
When the Austin bomber went to a FedEx store Sunday to ship two more of his package bombs , he made the mistake of parking within view of a surveillance camera , a US congressman told CNN .
The next time you 're packing for a trip , you might want to reach for your brightest-colored luggage .	It could help keep bedbugs away .
At least 59 people are dead after gunmen stormed a Kenyan mall on Saturday .	On Sunday , about 30 hostages remained , sources say .
One of three conductors aboard the derailed Amtrak train said she heard the locomotive 's engineer say the train had been struck by an object , NTSB says .
Group of Eight leaders started their summit Monday with talk of a possible trade deal amid worries about ending Syria 's brutal civil war .
( CNN )	-- Vice President Joe Biden leveled a heavy charge at Mitt Romney on Tuesday , arguing the presumptive GOP nominee 's proposed policies on Wall Street reform would be detrimental for Americans .
ISIS intensified its attack on the city of Kobani as militants took a strategic hill Sunday evening and entered the southeastern edge of the city .
( CNN ) --	Sarah Palin may be having a bragging rights moment .	In 2008 , when she was the GOP vice presidential nominee , Palin questioned in a speech whether then-Sen .
Tony Robbins said during an event in March that some women use the # MeToo movement to gain significance by playing the victim .
A standoff ends at an Oregon hotel involving an ex-convict accused of killing his grandparents , police said .
Ex-Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky will likely spend the rest of his life in jail after a jury convicted him on 45 of 48 counts related to sexual abuse of boys .
Abu Yahya al-Libi , the No . 2 man in al Qaeda and a longtime public face of the terror network , is dead , White House confirmed Tuesday .
A hiker fell to his death on Monday while scaling Yosemite National Park 's famous Half Dome trail , the US National Park Service said .
The driver of a car which plowed into Christmas shoppers in Melbourne Thursday had a history of drug use and mental health issues , police said .
A highly respected epidemiologist at the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been missing for two weeks , prompting a high-profile police search .
Julia Pierson , the first female director of the Secret Service , resigned Wednesday in the aftermath of a fence-jumper gaining access to the White House .
A Texas teacher was fired Friday , one week after sending racially charged tweets about incidents in Ferguson , Missouri .
McDonald 's CEO Steve Easterbrook says the fast food giant is rolling out self-order kiosks , mobile pay options , an updated interior design , even table service .
Pakistan says it has conducted a test launch of a medium-range missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead , just days after India tested a long-range missile .
( CNN ) --	Sarah Palin met some of the stars of the popular television series , `` Duck Dynasty , '' over the weekend while on her book tour in Monroe , Louisiana .
The company now known as Coach as weaved up a new corporate moniker .	Tapestry will be the parent of Coach , Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade .	But nothing will change at any of the Coach stores .	They 'll keep the Coach name .
Women who take acetaminophen during pregnancy are more likely to have a child with behavioral problems , a new study indicated .
As of 6:30 p.m . ET Sunday , more than 3,000 U.S. flights were delayed and more than 190 were canceled .
Steam billowed up from Hawaii 's largest freshwater lake as lava flow evaporated its placid waters within a few hours and made it the latest casualty from the Big Island 's Kilauea volcano .
A Saudi blogger convicted of `` insulting Islam '' is expected to receive the second 50 lashes of a 1,000-lash sentence soon , his wife says .
Well at least this one probably wo n't sink .
Jeep drivers are suing Fiat Chrysler over a gear shift defect that likely lead to the death of 'Star Trek ' actor Anton Yelchin over the weekend .
ISIS ' media wing claimed the person who stabbed nine people at a Minnesota mall was a `` soldier of the Islamic State , '' according to a statement posted online Sunday
President Donald Trump 's job approval rating has dropped to 37 % , while 58 % of Americans disapprove of his performance so far as president , new Gallup figures show .
Malaysian authorities said Monday they have failed to determine the cause of the 2014 disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight 370 , though they did rule out several possibilities .
A federal judge in New York blocked part of President Donald Trump 's controversial executive order on immigration Saturday , ruling that authorities could not remove individuals from seven Muslim-majority countries who had arrived in US airports after the order had been issued .	The White House , however , maintained Sunday that the ruling does not undercut the executive order
Danville , Kentucky ( CNN ) -- Call it a draw .	Forty-eight percent of voters who watched the vice presidential debate think that Rep. Paul Ryan won the showdown , according to a CNN/ORC International nationwide poll conducted right after Thursday night 's faceoff .
An anomaly in system KIC 8462852 that has been the focus of speculation and observation for weeks over possible extraterrestrial life may have just been solved .
The July heat wave that wilted crops , shriveled rivers and fueled wildfires officially went into the books Wednesday as the hottest single month on record for the continental United States .	The average temperature across the Lower 48 was 77.6 degrees Fahrenheit , 3 .
KaloBios Pharmaceuticals , which until recently was headed by controversial CEO Martin Shkreli , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Tuesday .
Few places in North Carolina got rain on Tuesday , but that did n't stop some bloated rivers from rising .
Rand Paul does n't think his campaign 's stagnating because he attacked Donald Trump at the first GOP debate -- but because he did n't attack him fiercely enough .
Sen. John McCain is chastising GOP leaders for failing to embrace Donald Trump as the choice of millions of voters , laying out his most extensive views to date about Trump at the top of the ticket .	He 's also repudiating some of the presumptive nominee 's comments -- particularly about prisoners of war .
As lawmakers push to get a health care bill through the Senate , one New Jersey mom is speaking out .
The zoo believes Geoffrey now could use his celebrity to inspire future generations to protect giraffes , whose populations are estimated to be at less than 100,000 worldwide .
Ted Cruz on Thursday strongly defended his refusal to endorse Donald Trump during his Republican National Convention speech , saying he 's not `` in the habit '' of backing politicians who attack his family .
After high lead levels were uncovered by a local pediatrician , the state of Michigan makes changes amid lawsuits and blame .
Chris Watts pleaded guilty Tuesday to the Colorado killing of his pregnant wife and his two young daughters as part of a plea deal that allows him to avoid the death penalty , the office of Weld County District Attorney Michael Rourke said Tuesday .
Donald Trump twice repeated over the weekend that he saw people cheering in New Jersey after the September 11 attacks -- but his claims are being widely disputed as false .
Donald Trump 's running mate Mike Pence said Friday he is `` fine '' following his plane skidding off the runway at LaGuardia Airport on Thursday night , adding there were about `` 10 seconds of uncertainty . ''
A Sudanese Christian woman released after a death sentence for refusing to renounce her faith was detained again , her legal team says .
By Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr	Despite adamant statements that no final decisions have been made about future U.S. troop levels in Iraq , discussions within the administration have included a potential option for keeping just 3,000 forces there beginning next year , according to a senior P ...
Wells Fargo exec Carrie Tolstedt , head of the division that regulators say created millions of fake accounts , stands to walk away with a $ 124 million payday when she retires at the end of the year .
Updated 1:52 p.m . ET ( CNN ) - Sen. Rand Paul said Sunday that Democrats are failing in their attempts to frame the GOP as a party that wages a war against women , and argued the message comes from the party of former President Bill Clinton , whose reputation is still tarnished from his “ predatory ...
All Americans who presented themselves at the United Nations camp in Bor , South Sudan , were evacuated safely Sunday , the State Department says .
( CNN ) -	John Sununu , a top surrogate for Mitt Romney ’ s presidential campaign , said Thursday that Colin Powell ’ s repeat endorsement of President Barack Obama could be explained partly by the two men ’	s shared race .
There has long been an air of conspiracy surrounding theories of alien life , and the head of Hillary Clinton 's campaign said Thursday it 's time to do away with the secrecy .
New guidelines are being considered for pregnant women traveling to the Caribbean and Brazil where the Zika virus is present .
The woman killed in an apparent road rage incident last week returned home first then went back out to find the suspect , a homicide detective said Tuesday .
Acura apologized Wednesday for a casting document that called for an African-American actor who was `` not too dark '' in the car company 's Super Bowl ad .
A draft of a bill from the Trump administration would propose having the US abandon key World Trade Organization principles and offer President Donald Trump significantly more discretion over US trade policy , a White House official has confirmed to CNN .
Donald Trump hits a new high in the race for the Republican nomination , according to a new CNN/ORC Poll , with more than 4-in-10 Republican voters nationwide saying they back the billionaire .
Rep. Louise M. Slaughter , the first female chair of the House Rules Committee and one of the longest-serving Democrats in Congress , died Friday at age 88 , her office announced .
Overbooking flights is common -- even if United 's actions were not .
The Super PAC backing Jeb Bush released a new ad early Tuesday ripping his GOP rivals and accusing front-runner Donald Trump of being 'reckless ' and 'impulsive . '
A new report estimates the U.S. economy and businesses can grow if more women entered the workforce , took on more full-time jobs and did less unpaid work .
Joran van der Sloot 's wife says her husband was stabbed twice in the Peruvian prison where he is serving time for murder , according to reports .
Financial disclosure forms released Tuesday show that seven out of seven current members of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors have assets worth more than $ 1 million .
Arkansas Gov .	Asa Hutchinson scheduled the executions of eight death row inmates .	The state plans to put the men to death two-by-two over 11 days in April .
University of Connecticut 's Shabazz Napier recently told reporters he sometimes goes to bed `` starving '' because his scholarship does n't cover food .
President Trump says those with pre-existing conditions would be protected , but experts and advocates say that 's not the case .
Beyond the empty seats filled a day earlier by President Donald Trump 's VIPs , far past the stage where celebrities and activists headlining Saturday 's Women 's March took turns delivering campaign-style speeches , a smaller gathering of protesters blocks from Pennsylvania Avenue quietly strained for a view of the White House 's South Portico .
Shortness of breath ?	Unexplained fatigue ?	Jaw pain ?	You may not realize it , but you may be having a heart attack .
Republican state Rep. Rick Saccone is now zero-for-two in his campaigns for the US House in Pennsylvania this year .
The University of Virginia has issued `` trespass warnings '' that ban white nationalist Richard Spencer and nine other people from the campus for four years because of their involvement in the violent Charlottesville rally last year .
Jason Seaman did n't give much thought to the most dangerous decision of his life .
Bill O'Reilly has repeatedly blamed reports of sexual misconduct on a politically motivated media .	On Monday , he admitted that he also blames a higher power .
Baton Rouge Police Officer Blane Salamoni has been fired for his actions in the Alton Sterling shooting , the police chief said Friday , while also releasing four videos of the incident .
A shooting at a crowded Arizona restaurant left two men dead in an altercation Friday night involving three people who knew one another , authorities said .
A Florida man was arrested Friday in Orlando for allegedly stalking and attempting to kidnap singer Lana Del Rey , the city 's police department said .
Investigators seized four guns after a man killed four Marines and at military offices in Chattanooga , a law enforcement official said .
April Fool 's Day is a tricky time of year when bizarre but often hilarious headlines and products flood our newspapers , Twitter streams and Facebook feeds .
Tests on the flight data recorder recovered from Germanwings Flight 9525 show that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz purposely sped up its descent , the BEA said .
The U.S. Army has reversed a decision to discharge a Green Beret for kicking and body slamming an Afghan police commander accused of sexually assaulting a boy .
A Republican tide ripped the Senate away from Democrats Tuesday , giving the GOP full control of Congress
Mexico 's president reiterated his nation will not pay for a wall along the US-Mexico border just hours after President-elect Donald Trump doubled-down on his campaign pledge to force the country to do so .
Tensions on the Korean Peninsula are the world 's most dangerous security issue , and must be resolved fast and diplomatically to avoid war , a top United Nations envoy said after a rare visit to North Korea .
CIA Director Leon Panetta said Tuesday he thinks a photograph of Osama bin Laden 's body will be released at some point , but that it is up to the White House to make the final call .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced he is changing tactics in an attempt to break a stalemate with Democrats ahead of Friday 's deadline when the Department of Homeland Security will run out of money , after taking his fourth failed vote on a House-approved measure .
Germanwings Flight 9525 co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane , killing all 150 people on board , officials said .
Five fraternity brothers are charged in connection with the 2013 hazing death of Baruch College freshman Chun	`` Michael '' Deng , court documents say .
Navient , formerly part of Sallie Mae , was sued by the CFPB Wednesday for allegedly cheating borrowers out of repayment rights .
Members of the U.N. Security Council `` deplored '' North Korea 's failed rocket launch , according to U.S .	Ambassador Susan Rice .
The case underscores how complicated it can be for a victim of revenge porn to seek justice .
REI will not only be closed on Thanksgiving , it will also closed on Black Friday .	Its website will urge shoppers to go outside instead .
Apple and Samsung 's years-long legal fight over patent infringement related to Samsung copying the iPhone 's design is over .
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan welcomed a baby daughter , Max Chan Zuckerberg .
Campbell Soup CEO Denise Morrison retires abruptly , leaving just 23 female CEOs running Fortune 500 companies .
A federal court ruled against a Virginia school district on Tuesday , holding that federal law protects a transgender student who sought to use the boys ' bathroom at his school .
On the heels of Hurricane Harvey , a rapidly intensifiying Hurricane Irma treks westward in the Atlantic , posing a major threat to the Caribbean and US next week .
Robert Boardwine 's path to fatherhood involved turkey baster his friend used on herself , but appeals court says he is legally entitled to be in son 's life .
The woman known as the `` Afghan Girl '' for her appearance on a 1984 National Geographic cover has pleaded guilty to charges of illegally staying in Pakistan .
Area 51 has long been a topic of fascination for conspiracy theorists and paranormal enthusiasts , but newly released CIA documents officially acknowledge the site and suggest that the area served a far less remarkable purpose than many had supposed .
A petition to get Jon Stewart to moderate a presidential debate has reached 85,000 signatures on Change.org .
Marco Rubio now knows the fury of Donald Trump when he 's scorned .
A hero hurled barstools at a gunman as he opened fire inside a Seattle cafe , police said Thursday .
Violent clashes outside the U.S. Embassy in Yemen 's capital left four people dead and nearly three dozen others injured .
Rapper Kanye West donated $ 150,000 to a memorial fundraising site for a security guard shot by an officer near his hometown Chicago .
Officials are pressuring Congress and the White House to fast-track disaster relief funds to Puerto Rico , where millions remain without power after Hurricane Maria .
`` Transformers '' actress Megan Fox said `` yes '' to ex-fiance Brian Austin Green 's marriage proposal , just four months after calling off a two-year engagement with Green , her publicist confirmed .
Mitt Romney told an audience of Republican donors in New York on Friday that he is seriously considering a third presidential bid .
After 27 hours of surgery , twin boys Anias and Jadon McDonald -- born joined at the head 13 months ago -- began a new life apart on Friday .
After years of criticism and denials , ex-Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf acknowledges his government secretly signed off on U.S. drone strikes .
An 11-month-old boy died in Georgia over the weekend when his grandparents forgot him in the car for two hours , police said .
Surveillance images show others inside Georgia school gym at about the same time authorities say Kendrick Johnson suffocated in a rolled-up mat , attorney says .
People in central Illinois are coping with damage and injuries after a rare outbreak of tornadoes Saturday , when 20 twisters were reported to the National Weather Service .
A campus officer shot and killed a student at a Texas Catholic university after a traffic stop .
Joe Jackson granted a rare , exclusive interview to CNN 's `` Piers Morgan Tonight . ''
A South Carolina woman spent a night in jail last week for failing to return a video she rented -- in 2005 .
Among the dozens of Russian diplomats the US expelled last month were suspected spies who US law enforcement and intelligence officials believe were tracking Russian defectors and their families who had resettled in the US , officials briefed on the matter tell CNN .
With its well-killing effort reported to be going `` extremely well , '' BP plans to start pouring concrete into the crippled well in the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday .
Massive brawls and food-court fights played out at more than a dozen malls across the country in what proved to be a chaotic day after Christmas .
Isaac Larian 's bid of $ 675 million fell below was too low .
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had some choice words for US President Donald Trump Friday , accusing the American leader of `` mentally deranged behavior . ''
Nigerian troops rescued an additional 160 women and children from Boko Haram days after they found hundreds of other hostages , the military said Thursday .
`` Finding Dory '' brought in a big box office for Disney and Pixar this weekend .
Amidst the aftermath of the dramatic courtroom conclusion which saw the jury in the George Zimmerman trial return a `` not guilty '' verdict , on Monday evening Piers Morgan invited Rachel Jeantel to join him in studio for a face to face conversation .
Prison officials in Nevada have moved O.J .	Simpson to a new cell and away from any inmates who might want to hurt or harass him in the months before he is set to be released .
This Just In is CNN.com news blog .	We\ 'll bring you the latest news from CNN correspondents and sources around the world .	We ’ ll cover stories that are breaking , causing ripples , or otherwise driving the collective daily conversation , along with some items we find interesting and worth sharing .
George Zimmerman , acquitted by a Florida jury in the death of Trayvon Martin in 2013 , was involved in a shooting Monday in Lake Mary , Florida , police said .
The prosecution tried to use George Zimmerman 's words against him in its closing arguments Thursday .
A rare car crash involving a black bear and a chain reaction left three people dead and	eight injured in Florida , authorities said .
India 's new president , Ram Nath Kovind , is a relatively unknown political operator and member of India 's lowest Dalit caste .
Li Yingxia was resting quietly at home in the afternoon of May 12 , 2008 , when the ground began to heave and people shouted `` run ! ''
South Korea 's President made an apology Monday over the ferry disaster that killed close to 300 people and said she would dismantle the country 's coast guard .
Larry Nassar , the former team doctor for USA Gymnastics , and former USA Gymnastics trainer Deborah Van Horn were indicted in Texas Friday on charges of sexual assault of a child at the Karolyi Ranch , where for decades numerous Olympians have trained .
Had the woman lived in anywhere in the UK other than Northern Ireland , she would not have been prosecuted for inducing her own abortion , her attorney said .
USA Swimming bans ex-Stanford University swimmer Brock Turner , whose six-month jail sentence for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has stirred widespread outrage .
Had staff followed company policies and procedures `` this tragedy would not have occurred , '' Ascent Child Care Center CEO says .
Up to 37 people are dead and 22 are missing after a fire at a psychiatric institution outside the Russian city of Veliky Novgorod , state media say .
An 11-year-old Illinois girl was stabbed 40 times by her 14-year-old sister , police say
A South American sculpture which disappeared mysteriously from a museum almost 80 years ago has been recovered and returned to Colombian authorities .
Gregory Salcido teaches history at El Rancho High School in Pico Rivera and serves as a city council member in the southeastern Los Angeles county .
Rachel Denber says a verdict of two years in prison for a punk-rock band shines a light on Russia 's harsh , slippery justice system and suppression of free expression .	The world must speak out
The body of a retired restaurateur who 's been missing for two years has been found in a freezer in the French city of Lyon , police there told CNN Wednesday .
Oprah Winfrey and Kraft Heinz on Wednesday announced a new line of refrigerated comfort foods called O , That 's Good !
The Chinese government has announced it will halt all coal imports from North Korea for the rest of 2017 following Pyongyang 's most recent missile test .
150,000 Adelie penguins have died after a massive iceberg ran aground in Antarctica .
Marriott says its guest reservation system has been hacked , potentially exposing the personal information of approximately 500 million guests .
President Donald Trump was infuriated after it quickly leaked that he had been directly instructed by his national security advisers in briefing materials not to congratulate Russian President Vladimir Putin on his recent election victory during their call Tuesday morning , a source familiar with the President 's thinking said .
Saudis call for a boycott of Amazon and its regional subsidary Souq over the Washington Post 's coverage of journalist Jamal Khashoggi 's death .
Detroit 's Silverdome was still standing Sunday after crews detonated explosives to implode it .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is fighting a new infection , and his breathing problems have worsened , Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said late Monday .
The night sky will showcase shooting stars this weekend , visible in all parts of the sky , around the world .
As they began surveying damage Tuesday , officials said it was impossible to measure the destruction Superstorm Sandy left behind .
Stores across the Northeast were packed with shoppers as people prepared for what could be a historic blizzard set to arrive on Friday .
( CNN )	- The brothers accused of planting bombs at the finish line of the Boston Marathon , and later murdering a police officer in Cambridge , are `` twisted , perverted , cowardly knock-off jihadis '' who failed to instill fear in the American people , Vice President Joe Biden said at a memorial service for ...
Sandra McClary , 26 , is facing child neglect and reckless endangerment charges .	Police accuse her of leaving her baby girl on the side of a Maryland road .
Brown University researchers say that drinking , even in moderate amounts , is associated with higher rates of melanoma , the deadliest form of skin cancer .
Nicholas Caporella , CEO of the company that makes LaCroix , has been sued by two former pilots alleging unwanted sexual touching .
Bear repellent sent two dozen workers at an Amazon fulfillment center in New Jersey to hospitals on Wednesday after a machine punctured an aerosol canister of the spray , causing it to discharge toxic fumes inside the building , a town spokesman told CNN .
Barbra Streisand 's latest No . 1 album is making history .
A Missouri man convicted of murder will not be executed on Tuesday after Gov .	Eric Greitens issued a stay of execution and appointed a board to further consider his case .
President Donald Trump used a solemn address from the White House on Monday to call for unity in the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history , calling the massacre an `` act of pure evil . ''
Message of peace from Ukraine 's paralympic committee in Sochi : & nbsp ; Ivan Watson @	IvanCNN	'' Do just one thing-do n't let us start a war during Paralympic Games ...
Dallas Cowboys nose tackle Josh Brent was released from jail Sunday after being arrested due to a car crash that killed his teammate .
The marquee signing comes as Apple ramps up its original content portfolio .
The body of a Russian pilot who died after his jet was shot down at the Turkey-Syria border has been flown back to Russia , the nation 's Defense Ministry says .
Updated	9 a.m .	ET 9/19/2013 Washington ( CNN ) --	Senator John McCain has a message for the Russian people : “ I am pro-Russian , more pro-Russian than the regime that misrules you today .
Vinnie Paul , drummer and founding member of the metal band Pantera , has died , the band announced on Facebook .
A congressman who represents North Carolina apologized Thursday for saying there are riots in Charlotte because the protesters `` hate white people . ''
Niger has extradited Moammar Gadhafi 's son Saadi , who has been transferred to a jail in Tripoli , Libya , the Libyan government said Thursday .
Israeli warplanes struck a military base near the Syrian port city of Latakia this week , an Obama administration official told CNN on Thursday .
The announcement Sunday ends a 20-year tenure for Moonves as CEO of one of the country 's most important media empires .
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is under fire for the Obamacare website fiasco .
The search for Richard Matt and David Sweat has gone cold more than a week after they escaped from a New York prison , an official says .
Police in Sochi , Russia , hand out fliers to hotels warning of a woman they believe could be a terrorist and who may currently be in the Winter Olympic host city .
Donald Trump said Tuesday night that the political system is `` stacked against me , '' and accused the Republican Party of conspiring to stop him from clinching the party 's nomination .
A jury has convicted Owen Labrie of five of nine counts in connection with the alleged rape of another student at a prestigious New Hampshire boarding school .
The Supreme Court unanimously ruled on Thursday that human genes can not be patented .
( CNN ) -	The swell of online support for Republican South Carolina Gov .	Nikki Haley to appoint comedy show host Stephen Colbert to her state 's open U.S. Senate seat has n't gone unnoticed by the Palmetto State Republican , who pointed out one hangup on her Facebook Friday .
Fourteen of 29 inmates are still on the run after they made an audacious escape by tunneling underneath a Mexican prison wall , authorities said .
Democrat Bill de Blasio defeats Republican nominee Joe Lhota in the race for mayor of New York City , CNN projects ;	NJ Gov .	Chris Christie wins another term .
Under furious assault from conservative Catholics , the Vatican backtracks on its surprisingly positive assessment of gays and same-sex relationships .
Cardinal Bernard Law , the former Boston archbishop who resigned in disgrace during the Catholic Church 's sex abuse scandal , has died , the Vatican confirmed .	He was 86 .
Secretary of Defense James Mattis said Tuesday that he believes it is in US national security interest to remain in the Iran nuclear agreement despite repeated hints from President Donald Trump that he is inclined to scrap the deal .
North Korea has fired five unidentified short-range projectiles from the country 's east coast , a statement from South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff says .
Less than 48 hours after using racially-charged language to explain his state 's drug epidemic , Maine Gov .	Paul LePage at a Friday news conference semi-apologized for his wording `` slip-up '' but accused the press of trying to twist his words .
Taylor Swift appears to have prompted a policy change at Apple , after threatening to withhold her album `` 1989 '' from the company 's streaming music service .
The Pentagon released 198 photos Friday , several of which appear to show injuries suffered by detainees after allegedly experiencing abuse .
An environmental advocacy group backed by tycoon Tom Steyer is set to unleash a seven-state , $ 100 million offensive against Republican `` science deniers . ''
Updated at 2:58 p.m . ET on 7/30 ( CNN ) -	A new plan from President Barack Obama that would alter the corporate tax code while investing in job creation is a deal that any `` serious '' lawmaker could sign onto , the president argued in Tennessee Tuesday .
New light has been shed on the German terrorist network behind the Berlin attack in 345 pages of German investigative files that CNN has obtained .
A war among criminals rages on in America 's third-largest city , with innocent residents caught in the crossfire .
A longtime California police officer was killed Monday when a recently paroled gang member involved in an auto accident opened fire , authorities said .
Hillary Clinton trails Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in the race for the Democratic nomination for president in New Hampshire , even if Vice President Joe Biden decides not to make a run for the White House , according to a new CNN/WMUR poll .
Texas Rangers are investigating why police in a small central Texas town of Hearne fatally shot a 93-year-old woman at her home .
The Republican National Committee is dismissing suggestions Sunday that its Christmas message heralded President-elect Donald Trump as a `` new King . ''
Indian police have arrested Sagar Thakkar , who they say was at the heart of a bogus IRS call center scam .
The death toll from Hurricane Michael rose to 19 on Monday when a victim was found in Mexico Beach , Florida , according to Mexico Beach Police Chief Anthony Kelly .	This is the second fatality in Mexico Beach from the storm .
Carter Page on Sunday called the accusations against him detailed in the foreign surveillance warrant application released by the FBI `` so ridiculous . ''
It could mean the difference between life and death for more than 1,000 people in the United States each year .
Fox News will no longer even respond to questions about whether Bill O'Reilly will return to his show .
Donald Trump believes the world would be much better off if ruthless dictators like Saddam Hussein and Moammar Gadhafi were still in power .
The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence wants to literally erase the names of mass killers from major web sites .
Buckle up Swifties , it looks like the Queen is set to return .
The U.S. military does not intend to put ground troops in Yemen , a country where al Qaeda operatives have become an increasing threat , Gen. David Petraeus told CNN in an interview to be aired Sunday .
HBO actor Robert Brown has reached a `` settlement in principal '' of his racial profiling lawsuits against Macy 's and New York .
Donald Trump 's campaign for president has suddenly become a campaign against Fox News .	One day after he starred in Fox 's GOP primary debate , Trump lashed out at debate moderator Megyn Kelly and the network as a whole .
Scientists have found a `` lost world '' hosting 2 lizards , a frog and possibly more previously undocumented species in Queensland , Australia .
North Korea launched three short-range missiles into the sea Saturday , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency cited the South Korean Defense Ministry as saying .
April Freeman , the Democratic congressional candidate in Florida 's 17th District , died Sunday night , her husband announced on Facebook Monday .
The Senate voted Wednesday to confirm Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama as the next attorney general , surviving a vocal push by Democrats to derail his nomination .
A woman meets Richard Norris , the Virginia man who received her dead brother 's face in a pioneering transplant surgery , for the first time .
Brazilians angry about taxes , corruption and other issues vowed to hit streets again Tuesday , a day after the largest protests in Brazil in at least 20 years .
Jacqueline Eide broke into an Omaha , Nebraska , zoo to pet a tiger , police say .	Eide is hospitalized and has been cited for criminal trespass over the incident .
Georgia Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams dismissed criticism from President Donald Trump on Sunday after he called her unqualified to lead the state .
When Donald Trump and Angela Merkel meet this week , David A. Andelman writes that Merkel , with years of political experience under her belt , will have the upper hand .
Emantic Bradford Jr. worked full time and helped his mother financially , a lawyer for the family says .
The ramifications of the automatic spending cuts that go into effect on Friday will kick in over months , not several days or weeks .	And the general public 's awareness of them may be delayed and uneven .
Here 's a story that might sound familiar : A politician 's election campaign goes off the rails after the candidate 's troublesome treatment of women in the past comes to light .
Two US defense officials told CNN Monday that North Korea conducted another ballistic missile engine test Friday .
Updated 3:15 p.m . ET , 6/25/14 Washington ( CNN ) -- House Speaker John Boehner Wednesday told reporters that he plans to sue President Barack Obama over his use of executive action .	`` I am , '' the Speaker said when asked if he was planning to initiate a lawsuit .
Six members of the Word of Life Christian Church in New Hartford , New York , have been arrested after the 19-year-old son of two of the suspects died from blunt force trauma injuries , police announced Tuesday .
U.S. officials believe French jihadist David Drugeon , a bomb maker in al-Qaeda-linked Khorasan Group , survived U.S. strikes , U.S. officials tell CNN .
Negotiators from 195 nations agreed Saturday on a blueprint deal aimed at reducing global carbon emissions and limiting global warming , the U.N. announced .
Norway has become the first country in the world to stop cutting down trees , a huge step toward curbing global deforestation .
Anthony Weiner sexted a 15-year-old and Donald Trump won the White House .
Defense Secretary James Mattis has written a letter of recommendation for former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus to join the Navy as a reserve officer , the Pentagon confirmed Friday .
Donald Trump admitted Wednesday that he used aliases for business deals but denied that a recently-surfaced audio recording of him pretending to be his own publicist	was really his own voice .
The airline 's decision to end the discount cost it a tax break in Georgia that would have been worth tens of millions of dollars .
Coldplay will headline the Super Bowl 50 halftime show , the NFL confirmed Thursday night .
( CNN ) --	Sen. Roger Wicker , whose Washington office was sent letters laced with the poison ricin , said Thursday he 's met the man who stands charged with sending the envelopes .	`` He 's an entertainer .
The evidence against a Texas woman accused of sending homemade bombs to President Obama and the governor of Texas includes a cell phone , a cigarette package , a salad dressing cap and , authorities say , some very distinctive cat hair .
The Rev .	Billy Graham 's son is requesting prayers for his ailing 95-year-old father .
The e-commerce firm will help sell merchandise , organize the Games and run a Chinese internet TV channel .
Donald Trump backed off a false claim Friday morning , admitting he had not seen a video of a $ 400 million payment being unloaded from a US plane in Iran .
Thousands of people marched by a Spanish parliament building to protest a law they say threatens civil liberties .	Except none of them were actually there .
A 19-year-old Sudanese woman has been sentenced to death for fatally stabbing the man she was forced to marry , who she says raped her as his relatives held her down .
Syed Rizwan Farook 's friend Enrique Marquez said the two had built pipe bombs in the past as a hobby , sources tell CNN .
Branding can get you everywhere , even if you 're just a bug .	The `` Ampulex dementor '' wasp knows .	Its Harry Potter name has shot it to fame .
President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday that the country needs a `` good 'shutdown , ' ''	as well advocated for changing Senate rules , in a pair of tweets where he complained about the congressional negotiating process .
Federal workers may be ordered back to work in the next day .	But how will they know for sure ?
Review of Phoenix VA hospital IDs 1,700 veterans seeking care who were not on existing waiting lists , new report says .
Poachers killed one of Kenya 's most beloved elephants -- a behemoth animal with tusks so large , they touched the ground .
When Matt Richardson works from his home in Brooklyn , New York , he likes to keeps the TV on to stay informed , but some celebrity or another is always taking up airtime and bugging him .
US President Donald Trump remains unconvinced that Russia attempted to influence the 2016 election , his new White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci said on Sunday .
Wells Fargo said on Thursday it fired 5,300 employees for creating ghost accounts over the past five years without the knowledge of customers .	Regulators allege millions of these bank and credit card	accounts were opened .
( CNN )	-- Hilary Rosen offered an apology Thursday after her comments about Ann Romney sparked an uproar and a debate over women and the economy .	`` I apologize to Ann Romney and anyone else who was offended , '' Rosen , a top Democratic strategist and CNN contributor , said in a statement .
If all goes according to plan , China will launch its first lunar probe at 1:30 a.m. Monday
A man who missed his flight by a few minutes breached security at Madrid 's airport and ran across the tarmac to flag down the aircraft .
Airbnb announced that it has filed a lawsuit against the city of San Francisco , objecting to short-term rental rule changes approved by the Board of Supervisors .
A $ 20-billion bridge connecting Hong Kong and Macau to the mainland Chinese city of Zhuhai is set to finally open this week , marking the completion of the longest sea-crossing bridge ever built , nine years after construction began .
For some unlucky South Carolina residents , what seemed to be a winning Christmas lottery ticket turned out to be a lump of coal .
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron 's campaign was targeted in recent weeks by hackers according to a new report by cybersecurity researchers .
NBC 's internal fact-checking investigation about Brian Williams is `` nowhere near done , '' a source says .	His stories about covering the Berlin Wall and meeting Pope John Paul II have changed over the years .
Finley Boyle , a 3-year-old Hawaii girl who suffered massive brain damage after undergoing a dental procedure last month , died Friday night , a hospice said .
It 's been 19 days since Rand Paul was attacked by a neighbor while mowing his lawn .	And on Wednesday , the story got even stranger as the wife of the Kentucky Republican Senator	wrote a piece for CNN detailing the extent of the injuries he suffered in the attack .
Several ski-lift riders fell to the ground and others were trapped in the air Tuesday when a lift a broke down at Sugarloaf Ski Resort in Maine .
Mitt Romney suggested Friday that Donald Trump 's election could legitimize racism and misogyny , ushering in a change in the moral fabric of American society .
Celebrations broke out across Australia after a two-month national postal survey came out `` overwhelmingly '' in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage .
Actor Burt Reynolds is in intensive care in a Florida hospital , where he went for treatment of flu symptoms , one of his representatives said Friday .
Another day of searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ends without any trace of the plane , Australian officials say .
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin announced Thursday that he will not participate in a high-profile investor conference in Saudi Arabia amid growing controversy over dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi 's disappearance and apparent killing .
The victim in Friday 's school shooting in Centennial , Colorado , `` probably was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time , '' a sheriff said .
Many doctors recommend a glass of wine or beer a night as part of a healthy diet plan .	However , a new study suggests that even moderate drinking may not be great for your brain .
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford says he is taking legal action against former staffers who made misconduct allegations against him .
Egypt 's army claims it has invented a cure for AIDS , prompting an outcry from the medical community , which blasted the declaration as a `` scientific scandal . ''
Passengers in economy seating were nearly four times more likely to have air rage on planes that had a first-class section .
The list of people reported missing after Saturday 's landslide in rural Washington includes 108 names
Disney 's Bob Iger announced the creation of Star Wars-themed lands in its parks .
Wisconsin Gov .	Scott Walker successfully overcame a recall vote that would have removed him from office , CNN projected
What is it like to be thrown behind bars when you 're 16 and told you 'll languish there for the rest of your life , all for a crime you adamantly maintain you did n't commit ?
The Swiss former banker who on Monday handed what he said were secret Swiss banking records to WikiLeaks , the website dedicated to revealing secrets , was arrested Wednesday , officials said .
If there is a silver lining for writers and editors at Gawker Media 's flagship site , which will cease operations next week , it 's that , for now , they still have jobs .
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway defended Donald Trump Jr. 's meeting with a Russian lawyer in a wide-ranging 35 minute interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo Monday morning saying it was was insiginficant .
A tweet about an artificial earthquake in Mexico City , during the World Cup game went viral .	But none of the official monitoring agencies picked up on it .
In another sign of the times for retail , Lowe 's is closing 47 North American stores .
President Donald Trump questioned the politics of his decision to finally acknowledge former President Barack Obama was born in the US , which he did late during the campaign in 2016 , according to a source close to the White House .
Nigerian professor Opeyemi Enoch Wednesday insisted he has found a solution to the complex Riemann Hypothesis .
Hillary Clinton cast herself Monday morning as the only presidential candidate who has fought terrorism and slammed Donald Trump 's response to the incidents in New York , New Jersey and Minnesota over the weekend as `` demagogic . ''
Authorities arrested a Michigan man last week after he allegedly called CNN several times , threatening to kill employees at the network 's Atlanta , Georgia , headquarters , according to a federal affidavit .
US President Donald Trump says he stands ready to fix the nuclear threat posed by North Korea -- with or without China .
Life expectancy in the United States declined from 2016 to 2017 , yet the 10 leading causes of death remained the same , government researchers say .	Increasing drug overdose deaths and suicides may explain this slight downtick .	CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield said the trend is `` sobering . ''
Sen. Ron Johnson on Thursday walked back controversial remarks he made about Sen. John McCain earlier in the week when he suggested the Arizona Republican 's dissenting vote on health care might have been influenced by his recent brain cancer surgery .
Jared Kushner , who has worn dueling hats for more than a year as President Donald Trump 's senior adviser and son-in-law , has been stripped of his access to the nation 's top secrets , officials said Tuesday after his security clearance was downgraded .
Former presidential candidate Ben Carson disagrees with the plan to put Harriet Tubman on the $ 20 bill , and on Wednesday suggested another note for her : the $ 2 bill .
It 's been 19 days since the public has laid eyes on first lady Melania Trump .
In an apparent effort to clear his name , Harvey Weinstein sent emails to several individuals about the criminal case against him in New York .
Recent developments off the coast of Sweden raise many questions , and we do not as yet have answers .
Hillary Clinton 's former running mate , Sen. Tim Kaine , said Donald Trump Jr. may have committed treason when he agreed to meet with a Russian lawyer under the pretense of getting dirt on Clinton .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Sen. John McCain , R-AZ , tells CNN he believes his good friend Joe Lieberman would make a good defense secretary for President Obama , calling him `` one of the most informed members of the Senate on national security issues and homeland security issues .
Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign and other Republicans began circling Alaska Gov .	Sarah Palin in the weeks before McCain picked her as his 2008 running mate , according to e-mails from her old office .
McDonald 's said Monday that it is planning a one-day hiring spree of 50,000 new workers on April 19 for its U.S. restaurants .
Donald Trump on Saturday offered what his senior campaign aides billed as his `` closing argument '' in the presidential race just 17 days from its conclusion , rehashing his campaign 's key policy planks to give voters a sense of his top priorities as president .
A woman getting off Boston 's Orange Line last week fell and was trapped between the subway platform and the train until her fellow passengers were able to free her .
Sit back and relax : New research finds that outstreched limbs make for a good first impression in online dating .
William J. Hager told police he killed his wife because she was in ill and they could no longer affordher medicine , St. Lucie County , Florida , officials say .
First lady Melania Trump 's spokeswoman on Tuesday went after rapper T.I. , whose most recent music video features a Trump lookalike dancing without clothes in a fake Oval Office .
Snapchat is being sued for helping cause a car accident that led to the traumatic brain injuries of another driver .
New England braced Friday for another major snowstorm , just two weeks after a mammoth record-breaking blizzard buried much of the region .
The deaths of two 15-year-old girls at Independence High School in Glendale , Arizona , are believed to be the result of a murder-suicide , police said .
A powerful spring cold snap brings more rain and snow to an already soggy U.S. heartland on Wednesday , putting more pressure on riverside communities .
Clippers owner Donald Sterling says he 's sorry in a CNN exclusive interview , nearly two weeks after the NBA banned him for life for making racist comments .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign is escalating its attacks against Trump University , releasing a fake infomercial mocking Donald Trump 's controversial business venture as a scam .
A man who opened fire at a Georgia elementary school Tuesday was armed with an AK-47 `` and a number of other weapons , '' police said .
Singer Chris Brown has been taken into custody by Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies after being made to leave court-ordered drug rehab , officials say .
Facebook is starting to think about the time when Mark Zuckerberg will no longer be at its helm .
`` The President wanted to go a different direction , '' Priebus told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on `` The Situation Room '' Friday evening .
As a Tennessee community prepares to bury a girl allegedly killed by an 11-year-old boy over a puppy , more details emerged about the gun used .
From Denali to Mount Rainier to Mount Washington , the U.S. is full of majestic , towering peaks .	This story is not about those .
FBI Director Christopher Wray publicly clashed with President Donald Trump on Wednesday over a controversial Republican intelligence memo , furthering the rift between the President and the agency investigating ties between his campaign and Russia .
Families of girls kidnapped from school by suspected Boko Haram militants are accusing the Nigerian military of lying about the girls being rescued .
Doctors describe the strange case of a 9-year-old boy whose heart stopped after he took a bite of a hot dog .	The cause : Brugada syndrome .
Response to Ferguson shooting reflects failure of government and civil society at all levels , says Jason Johnson .
Tristan Beaudette was shot once in the head on June 22 as he slept in a tent with his young daughters at the Malibu Creek State Park , officials say .
Martin O'Malley is dangerously close to missing the next Democratic presidential debate .
President elect	Donald Trump renewed his longstanding feud with Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter in a tweet Thursday , saying the magazine was `` Way down , big trouble , dead ! ''
Disney , Universal Studios , and SeaWorld are beefing up security at its theme parks for the holiday season .
John McAfee , the antivirus software magnate , has announced that he plans to run for president in the 2016 election .
New satellite images obtained exclusively by CNN reveal North Korea has significantly expanded a key long-range missile base located in the mountainous interior of the country , offering yet another reminder that diplomatic talks with the US have done little to prevent Kim Jong Un from pursuing his promise to mass produce and deploy the existing types of nuclear warheads in his arsenal .
Witnesses to the explosion in Manchester , England , describe scenes of panic and carnage following a blast outside the arena , which left at least 22 people dead .
Hours after his wedding , William Riley Knight , 49 , of Crown Point , Indiana , was run over and killed .
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir left South Africa , government confirms , as court considered whether to arrest him on war crimes charges .
Two days after saying he likes to `` know the facts '' before making a statement , President Trump responded to the Barcelona terror attack by spreading a debunked rumor .
In a first-of-its-kind study , scientists correct a single gene mutation tied to genetic heart conditions in human embryos using CRISPR .
You can watch the hearing live on CNN.com .	It will examine the timeline of what happened and what mistakes were made .	Clinton will answer questions from senators about what she knew and when she knew it concerning the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , on September 11 , 2012 .
Trump again attacks Amazon for not paying state and local taxes .	But it actually does .
The mother of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange will meet with Ecuadorian authorities Monday to urge them to grant her son asylum .
Washington ( CNN ) -	A day after Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer rankled the administration of New Jersey Gov .	Chris Christie with allegations that his office withheld Superstorm Sandy relief funding over her refusal to push through a redevelopment project , Zimmer now says the threat was `` a direct message f ...
The sister of Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was arrested Wednesday on charges of bringing weapons and drugs to her South Carolina high school , authorities said .
Breitbart cuts ties with Paul Nehlen , the far-right activist challenging Paul Ryan for his congressional seat who has received extremely favorable coverage from Breitbart in the past .
Vice President Joe Biden says he regrets `` every day '' that he did n't enter the 2016 presidential race -- but his decision was in his family 's best interests .
Malala Yousafzai was glad to hear that her long ordeal of surgeries will soon be over .	Just two more to go , doctors in Britain say .	Hopefully .
An international rights group is pressing the Paraguayan government to allow an abortion for a 10-year-old girl who allegedly was impregnated by her stepfather .
Seven people were rushed to the hospital Thursday after a car struck students at a school bus stop in Tampa , police said .	It was at least the fifth time in three days that children were hurt or worse at a bus stop .
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , the leading conservative voice on the high court , has died at the age of 79 , a government source and a family friend told CNN on Saturday .
With two days to go before the Winter Olympics open in Sochi , polling reveals more than half of Americans think a terrorist attack on the Games is likely .
A rare but life-threatening tropical fungus that causes lung infections in both people and animals has been seen in the Pacific Northwest and could spread , researchers are reporting .
Singer Justin Bieber struck a paparazzo with his truck while trying to drive away from an event in Beverly Hills Wednesday night , according to the Beverly Hills Police Department .
Mississippi 's lone abortion clinic can stay open , after a federal appeals court Tuesday ruled against a state law that effectively would have shut it down .
Forces loyal	to embattled Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi launched a new attack on the rebel-held city of Misrata on Wednesday , with anti-government forces reporting intense shelling from three sides of the city .
Afghan authorities said Tuesday they have recaptured 65 of the more than 400 inmates who slipped out of a southern Afghanistan prison a day earlier through a nearly quarter-mile tunnel dug beneath the compound .
Hillary Clinton on Thursday afternoon gave a Thanksgiving shout-out to supporters in the recent presidential campaign .
The next time an airline hits you with a fee , you can either go on a epic rant about `` Big '' Business and their `` evil '' ways .	Or you can do this .
President Donald Trump has bifurcated the country .	You either love him or you hate him .	And you see absolutely everything through that love-or-hate-Trump lens .	If you hate him , you are ready to believe every negative thing on the Internet that even touches him .	If you love him , you see only the positives .
The Israeli military denied Sunday that it was responsible for anyone killed last week when a mortar hit the courtyard of a U.N. school .
President Donald Trump 's in-laws are officially United States citizens , obtaining their citizenship through the sponsorship of their adult daughter , one of the very categories of family visas that the administration has sought to end .
Scott Walker , facing the Donald Trump surge which has knocked him from his perch in Iowa , has shifted his message to attacking Washington Republicans .
Republican front-runners Donald Trump and Ben Carson will receive Secret Service details after the candidates ' requests for protection were approved , the Department of Homeland Security announced Thursday .
A federal judge said that a lawsuit alleging gifts or payments from foreign and domestic governments made to President Trump may be illegal can proceed
U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission officials announced the government recall Thursday after dozens of reports of the batteries overheating in the U.S .
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump clashed Wednesday over national security issues that exposed deep divides about how to manage the military and conduct foreign policy in an increasingly complex world .
Roughly three-quarters of Americans are living paycheck-to-paycheck , with little to no emergency savings , according to a survey released by Bankrate.com Monday .
An Egypt-backed cease-fire between Israel and Hamas fell apart Tuesday as rocket attacks from Gaza were answered by Israeli airstrikes once again .
Shots were fired Monday at a Washington Navy Yard building , killing at least 12 people and injuring 14 others , according to local officials and the Navy .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , issued the following statement : “ Over the past year , the American people have been witness to President Obama ’ s massive expansion of the federal government into our daily lives .
Neil deGrasse Tyson stirs controversy with Christmas Day tweet wishing Isaac Newton happy birthday	but his response to haters was positively nerdy .
It all started on a quiet Friday night , when CNN re-aired Don Lemon 's interview with LeBron James .
Embattled Sen. Al Franken will make an announcement Thursday , his office told reporters , as calls for the Minnesota Democrat 's resignation -- led by female senators and later including party leaders such as Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer -- rapidly gained momentum Wednesday .
In the search for missing AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , helicopter crews spotted smoke rising from an island .	Is it linked to the missing plane ?
All 11 troops aboard a Black Hawk helicopter that crashed off the Florida Panhandle two days ago are believed dead , officials said Thursday .
Eddie Tipton , former security director for Multistate Lottery Association , faces sentencing Tuesday for rigging his jackpot .
Jeff Sessions , the first US senator to endorse Donald Trump , has been one of the President-elect 's top supporters so it 's no surprise that he is being considered as a potential Cabinet member .
Donald Trump comes up with things .	Like the idea of putting the words `` fake '' and `` news '' together .
Aramis Ayala , the Florida prosecutor who refuses to consider the death penalty , now has fewer cases on her docket .
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Barack Obama addressed the nation Tuesday night on the crisis in Syria from the East Room of the White House .	Below is reaction and reporting from Capitol Hill and the White House , providing analysis from our correspondents and contributors .
High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN .
President Donald Trump is extremely frustrated with his senior staff and communications team for allowing the firestorm surrounding Attorney General Jeff Sessions to steal his thunder in the wake of his address to Congress , sources tell CNN .
Cliven Bundy -- the Nevada rancher turned conservative folk hero -- stands by his comments suggesting blacks might have been better off under slavery .
Hurricane Harvey , now a Category 4 storm , is hitting the Texas coast with harsh winds and torrential rain .	Houston , Corpus Christi and Galveston are in its path .
Commemorating September 11 , the leader of al Qaeda issued new threats against the United States .
Pizza Hut offered job back to manager who said he was fired for refusing to open Thanksgiving Day
Corey DuBrowa deleted his Twitter account Monday night after being personally attacked amid the storm of angry tweets that erupted over the company 's push to encourage conversations about racial inequality .
A salmonella outbreak that affected 73 people in 31 states has been linked to Kellogg 's Honey Smacks cereal , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
Skeptics who have long theorized that TWA Flight 800 was brought down by sinister forces will get a fresh surge of energy when a documentary is released in July .
Page , who did n't speak in public for several months last year , said his doctors speculate it 's virus-based nerve damage from a terrible cold	he suffered 14 years ago .
Michelle Obama gave her final White House remarks in an emotional speech Friday , thanking her supporters and saying , `` being your first lady has been the greatest honor of my life	and I hope I 've made you proud . ''
Panic over needles found in strawberries in Australia has provoked fury from politicians and fears for the country 's multi-million dollar fruit industry .
Russian President Vladimir Putin calls downing of a Russian warplane near Turkey-Syria border a `` stab in the back '' ; NATO holds emergency meeting .
The top US military commander on the Korean peninsula said Friday that even as the United States and North Korea work on easing tensions and working toward denuclearization , diplomacy between the two nations was operating in an environment `` void of trust . ''
President-elect Donald Trump is ready to `` get the show going . ''
A team of scientists claims to have unraveled one of the animal kingdom 's more peculiar mysteries : why wombat poop is cube-shaped .
A once-celebrated Japanese composer who last week confessed his works were written by a ghostwriter , now admits at least partially faking his hearing loss .
An Egyptian court has banned virginity tests for female detainees arrested during protests .
Major press release services had releases from major corporations hacked and given to stock traders who illegally made $ 30 million on the information .
Dr. Conrad Murray left the Los Angeles County jail under sheriff 's escort , avoiding reporters and Michael Jackson fans waiting for his release early Monday .
Eight people died when a bus carrying church members blew a tire , crossed the median of Interstate 40 , clipped an SUV and slammed into a tractor-trailer .
A controversial proposed law in Denmark to have the government seize refugees ' valuables to finance their asylum has been misunderstood , a spokesman tells CNN .
Luxury fashion house Prada is apologizing after some of its products were seen as depicting blackface imagery .
Alzheimer 's disease may kill 500,000 Americans a year , far higher than previously reported , new research shows .
A major winter storm whipped the Upper Midwest early Monday , just after a historic snowfall left much of the Northeast buried and without power .
Libertarians on Sunday selected former New Mexico Gov .	Gary Johnson as their party 's presidential nominee , at their party convention in Orlando , Florida .
Navy SEAL Charles Keating IV dies after ISIS fighters break through Peshmerga lines in Iraq and launch a `` coordinated and complex '' attack , the Pentagon says .
A bison charged a Mississippi woman who had turned her back to it to take a photo .	The animal tossed her in the air , the National Park Service said .
Study :	Drone strikes in Pakistan have killed far more people than the United States has acknowledged and traumatized innocent residents .
A Detroit man pleaded not guilty Friday to murder charges and other counts in connection with the shooting death of a Wayne State University police officer .
Three people were killed and 16 injured Wednesday when a shooter opened fire at Fort Hood , officials said .	The suspect died of a self-inflicted wound .
( CNN ) - White House national security adviser	Susan Rice defended the Obama administration 's decision to exchange Guantanamo detainees for U.S. Army Sgt .	Bowe Bergdahl , amid criticism that the United States negotiated with terrorists in the process .
Police in Thailand say an American tried to ship infant body parts to the U.S. , but the delivery was stopped after a call from the shipping company .
President Donald Trump is considering firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , multiple people familiar with the discussions tell CNN , a move that has gained urgency following the raid of the office of the President 's personal lawyer .
Yes , everyone , it looks like the rumors are true : Anderson Cooper is indeed moving to daytime .	The CNN host has signed a deal for an hour-long daily daytime show that is set for national syndication in Fall 2011 , according to a statement .
The father of the Orlando gunman attended a Hillary Clinton rally in Florida Monday to show his support for the Democratic candidate .
Norway has unveiled plans to build the world 's first ship tunnel by smashing through a solid rock peninsula .
Yusuf Abdi Ali , a military commander from Somalia accused of committing war crimes , has been quietly living in the U.S. and working at Dulles International Airport .
Florida residents would no longer get up to 26 weeks of state unemployment benefits come 2012 , under a bill state lawmakers approved late last week .
The full moons of this summer -- July 12 , August 10 and September 9 -- are all be supermoons , bigger and brighter than normal full moons .
Google Maps combined with Pac-Man for another of Google 's April Fools ' gags .
Zhou Yahui , the chairman of online gaming firm Beijing Kunlun Tech , has agreed to transfer hundreds of millions of shares in the firm to his wife , Li Qiong .
When the Trump administration first asked the Pentagon to send troops to the southern border , the administration wanted the troops to take on duties that Department of Defense officials viewed as law enforcement functions , CNN has learned .
A team of internationally renowned war crimes prosecutors and forensic experts has found `` direct evidence '' of `` systematic torture and killing '' by the Syrian President	Bashar al-Assad 's regime , the lawyers on the team say in a new report .
Sierra Leone plans a three-day nationwide lockdown in an attempt to halt an Ebola outbreak , a move that a leading charity group said Saturday will not help .
An increasing percentage of middle-class Americans are worried that they 'll have to work until their 80 's or even longer , according to a new survey .
An officer-involved shooting inside Northlake Mall in Charlotte , North Carolina , on Thursday left one person dead , according to police .
A new study suggests people can suffer infections , itching and chronic complications from their body art .
As Class of '13 prepares to graduate , survey finds many in class of '11 and '12 still stuck in low-skill jobs .
A former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser has pleaded guilty to making a false statement to the FBI after he lied about his interactions with foreign officials close to the Russian government -- the campaign 's clearest connection so far to Russia 's efforts to meddle in the 2016 election .
Members of the U.S. Navy SEAL team that attacked Osama bin Laden 's Pakistani compound were wearing helmet-mounted digital cameras that recorded the mission , a U.S. military official told CNN Friday .
Few would deny Ronda Rousey 's claim to be `` the best fighter in the whole world . ''	Her confidence is controversial in the male-dominated sports world .
Dashcam video showing Tiger Woods ' encounter with Jupiter , Florida , police , was made available Wednesday , two days following his arrest for suspicion of DUI .
The designer of the waterslide in Kansas on which a 10-year-old boy was killed was taken into custody Tuesday at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport , according to the US Marshals Service .
If the idea of spending over $ 500 on shoes that are seemingly held together by tape confounds you , you 're not alone .
A day after Rolling Stone 's cover picture of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev sparked complaints , starkly different photos of his capture emerged .
A Japanese couple have been arrested after their emaciated adult daughter froze to death in a windowless room where she had apparently been locked for 15 years .
Gatorade Zero , a sports hydration drink without sugar or carbs , hit stores around the country this week .
A new poll released as South Carolinians are voting in their Republican primary shows Gingrich 's week-long surge taking him past Romney into a major lead .
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch told a US senator Wednesday that President Donald Trump 's tweets about the judiciary are `` demoralizing '' and `` disheartening . ''
A substance described as `` white stuff '' and `` milky rain '' is covering parts of Washington and Oregon states , but its origin is a mystery .
The Bowling Green massacre never happened , but that did n't stop Kellyanne Conway from referencing it while defending Donald Trump 's travel ban .
President Donald Trump said he will travel to storm-ravaged Puerto Rico next Tuesday .
The death toll from violence in South Sudan is `` heavy , '' the U.N. said , and thousands of people have sought refuge in the organization 's compounds in Juba .
Representatives for the wrestler Chyna confirm that her brain will be donated to research into chronic traumatic encephalopathy .
By Barbara Starr CNN Pentagon Correspondent	The head of U.S. special operations has contacted members of the covert Navy SEAL team that killed Osama bin Laden to reconfirm some details of the al Qaeda leader 's last moments conveyed in a new book , and military officials have concluded the author 's ...
[ Updated at 11:30 a.m. ]	The 52-year-old American who was detained in Pakistan , where he said he was looking for Osama Bin Laden , is a Colorado man who works as an independent contractor .	`` My brother is not crazy .
Members of the `` Wild Boars '' Thai youth soccer team and their coach have described their rescue from a flooded cave as a miracle , thanked the experts who saved them and discussed how the experience will affect the rest of their lives .
The head of the world 's largest law enforcement group apologized for the role of police in `` society 's historical mistreatment of communities of color . ''
A grand jury has indicted Jesse Matthew on charges of first-degree murder and abduction in the case of Morgan Harrington .
Singer Chris Brown was arrested after his concert Thursday night on a felony battery charge stemming from an incident that occurred more than a year ago .
With just 36 days to go before the Rio Olympics kick off , the situation in the host city just went from bad to worse .
Kenyan rangers killed a lion that pounced on a man in a crowd shortly after it escaped from a park in the capital of Nairobi .
Roman Espinoza of Watertown , New York , calls it a `` Blessing Box . ''	He put in the first bit of food himself but the community has been filling it up since .
An 87-year-old grandmother was using a knife to cut dandelions in the woods near her rural Georgia home Friday , when she was brought to the ground by a police officer 's Taser and arrested , according a police report obtained by CNN .
The makers of the irreverent and lewd game Cards Against Humanity celebrated Black Friday with another unconventional stunt this year : By digging a massive hole in the ground for no reason whatsoever .
New England is gearing up for its most significant storm since early January 's `` bomb cyclone , '' with heavy rain , roaring winds and excessive coastal flooding expected Friday and Saturday from the mid-Atlantic to New England .
Before departing for his first trip to Baghdad as US Defense Secretary , James Mattis told reporters , `` We 're not in Iraq to seize anybody 's oil . ''
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have named their third child Louis Arthur Charles , a choice that confounded expectations .
The image of an aide to Turkey 's Prime Minister kicking a man protesting a mine disaster has prompted outrage and has become a symbol of anti-government anger .
FBI Director James Comey told lawmakers Sunday the agency has n't changed its opinion that Hillary Clinton should not face criminal charges after a review of new emails .
We are an increasingly pluralistic and global nation .	If Donald Trump does n't like it , there 's no one he can fire to change things .	He should just quit .
Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal called President Donald Trump out on Twitter for `` bullying '' after a Twitter attack from the President accused the senator of lying and being a `` phony Vietnam con artist . ''
The agent who penetrated al Qaeda and returned from Yemen with a new `` airline bomb '' was always under Saudi control , sources tell CNN .
There was whiskey , a joint , a Samurai sword and long conversations about artificial intelligence and the end of the universe .
A California appeals court rejected the appeal of Brock Turner , the former Stanford swimmer who sought to overturn his convictions stemming from a 2015 sexual assault of an unconscious woman .
One of Defense Secretary James Mattis ' most senior civilian advisers is being investigated by the Defense Department Office of Inspector General for allegedly retaliating against staff members after she used some of them to conduct her personal errands and business matters , according to four sources familiar with the probe .
A UPS driver who spotted `` call 911 '' scrawled on a package helped police free a woman who had been held captive in her own home and sexually assaulted , authorities said .
Mark Zuckerberg sat down for an exclusive TV interview with CNN 's Laurie Segall on Wednesday .
A petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK has attracted more than 300,000 signatures ; the motion may be sent for parliamentary debate .
The mother of a newborn rescued from a sewage pipe in China `` deeply regrets what she did , '' police said Tuesday .
California Gov .	Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency for the state as a fire raged in LA County foothills .
A North Korean senior intelligence officer has become the highest-ranking military official to defect to South Korea , a government source confirmed to CNN .
Shepherding Gawker into a new era will be Amanda Hale , most recently of The Outline , who will serve as the site 's publisher .
Fidel Castro has never been accused of wanting for opinions , but the former Cuban leader 's Tuesday commentary stumped many of his fellow citizens -- yoga .
Two days after Republicans in the Senate failed to roll back Obamacare , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said there should be a government-funded health insurance option `` in every state in this country . ''
A rift in the Larsen C ice shelf in Antarctica has grown by 10.5 miles in the last six days , according to UK scientists working on Project MIDAS .	It will create one of the largest icebergs ever recorded .	Climate change may be speeding up the process .
The number of people hospitalized due to a multistate E. coli outbreak linked to chopped romaine lettuce continues to grow , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
( CNN ) -	Louisiana Gov .	Bobby Jindal is staying in his home state for now as Tropical Storm Isaac heads towards New Orleans .	The two-term governor was to arrive in Tampa on Tuesday to address the delegates of Republican National Convention that evening .
Donald Trump and Ben Carson now stand alone at the top of the Republican field , as Carly Fiorina 's brief foray into the top tier .
The body of a 39-year-old solo climber was discovered Sunday at the 17,200 foot camp of Mount McKinley in Alaska 's Denali National Park .
Wearing a nearly 5-inch coat of carbon-composite solar shields , NASA 's Parker Solar Probe will explore the sun 's atmosphere in a mission that begins in the summer of 2018 .
Haiti 's Port-au-Prince airport , now critical for the quick delivery of supplies and aid , was an uncontrolled `` mess '' when the Air Force arrived Wednesday night to rehabilitate the facility , according to the commander of one of the Air Force 's elite special operations units send to Haiti .
President Barack Obama designated an undersea range of canyons and peaks off the US Eastern seaboard as the country 's first Atlantic marine national monument on Thursday .
President Obama on Wednesday will commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Rev .	Martin Luther King Jr. 's `` I Have a Dream '' speech .
It 's about to be a `` Fuller House '' for John Stamos .
Three people -- two civilians and one police officer -- were killed in Friday 's shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Edward Snowden 's leave to remain in Russia has been extended until 2020 , Russia 's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has confirmed to CNN .
Two youths have been charged with arson in the Tennessee wildfires that have left 14 people dead .	Will they be charged in their deaths ?
( CNNMoney ) --	House Republicans on Tuesday made it official : They 're proposing a $ 3.53 trillion budget for 2013 that would kill $ 55 billion in spending cuts aimed at defense and make up for them with savings elsewhere in the budget .
As the White House was talking about sending a naval `` armada '' to the Korean Peninsula , the very ships in question were on their way to participate in military exercises in the Indian Ocean , some 3,500 miles in the opposite direction .
Two of San Francisco 's wealthiest tech leaders clashed on Twitter over the best way to address the city 's homeless problem .
( CNN ) --	Gov .	Chris Christie and Snooki do n't share much in common , but there could n't have been a more appropriate place for the two to meet : the Jersey Shore .
Houston Mayor Sylvester struck optimistic tone late Thursday declaring the `` city was open for business , '' pointing to signs of recovery .
( CNN ) --	As if the relationship between the tea party and veteran GOP strategist Karl Rove was n't stained enough , the Tea Party Patriots apologized Tuesday for blasting out an email with an edited image of Rove wearing a Nazi uniform .
( CNN ) -- Mitt Romney issued the following statement Monday after it was announced the Obama administration will file a complaint with the World Trade Organization alleging China has illegally subsidized automotive exports and undercut American suppliers .
The full horror of Monday 's bomb attacks in Boston was reflected in emergency rooms across the city as doctors were forced to perform amputations and treat injuries normally expected on a battlefield .
The Washington Monument appears to be sinking , according to preliminary data collected by the National Geodetic Survey .
President Donald Trump said he believes former President Barack Obama has been behind the leaks within his administration and the sizable , angry town hall crowds Republicans have faced across the country .
Read full coverage of the unrest in Egypt updated continually by CNN reporters worldwide .	Send your photos and video to iReport and see CNN in Arabic here .	See also this strong roundup of timely , insightful views on the wave of upheaval in the Arab world .	[ Update 5:35 a.m .
Police in Boston shot and killed a man under surveillance by the U.S. Joint Terrorism Task Force , Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said .
Russian freestyle skier Maria Komissarova has undergone more than six hours of surgery after breaking her back during a training run at the Winter Olympic Games .
We expect to say goodbye to baseball 's old timers but not to one of its most promising and heartiest players , says Mike Downey
NASA 's Kepler is in trouble -- far , far away .	The telescope that searches for habitable planets has gone into emergency mode 75 million miles away from home .
The FBI stumbled upon a trove of emails from one of Hillary Clinton 's top aides weeks ago , law enforcement officials told CNN Sunday .
Virgin Galatic founder Branson said he and 800 others who have signed up for tourist flights remain committed to the program despite fatal crash .
Officer Cleon Brown said he took a genetic test through Ancestry.com , which revealed he was 18 percent African .	The discrimination began , he alleges , when he shared the results .
CNN commentator and former Pennsylvania GOP Sen. Rick Santorum on Sunday suggested students protesting for gun control legislation would be better served by taking CPR classes and preparing for active shooter scenarios .
California voters have just rejected Proposition 19 , the ballot initiative that would have legalized marijuana under state law .	Where did Prop 19 go wrong ?
Tennessee Gov .	Bill Haslam on Wednesday signed a bill into law that allows therapists and counselors to reject gay , lesbian , transgender and other clients .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Russia 's national legislature Thursday that he suggests lawmakers ratify an agreement to fold Crimea into Russia .
A Tennessee man who served 31 years in jail for a crime he did n't commit is petitioning the state to compensate him $ 1 million .	All he 's gotten so far is $ 75 .
Decision time in the second round of the Republican presidential contest arrived Tuesday in New Hampshire , where officials predict a record turnout .
African-American voters are making up a larger portion of the South Carolina Democratic primary electorate than they did in 2008 , and a larger percentage voted for Hillary Clinton than voted for President Barack Obama in 2008 , according to exit polls conducted Saturday .
Shoppers at the Mall of America need to be `` particularly careful '' after a terror group singled out the Minnesota super-mall for attacks , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says .
The newest hurricane that could threaten North America intensified Monday morning , though its future path remains uncertain .
President Donald Trump 's top intelligence official , Dan Coats , said he had no idea what Trump told Russian President Vladimir Putin in their meeting in Helsinki on Monday , a session	Coats said Trump did not seek his advice on or he would have suggested the President do it `` a different way . ''	He also appeared blindsided when he was told the White House is in discussions about inviting Putin to Washington in the fall .
Danny Lewin , who founded Akamai Technologies , died in the 9/11 attacks .	There 's a new book about his busy life .
Shares of Booz Allen Hamilton dropped on Wednesday after the Department of Justice said it arrested a contractor from the firm for allegedly stealing NSA secrets .
In a surprise move , New York State is likely to lift its ban on hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , the controversial process used to extract natural gas .
The Ford Bronco and Jeep Grand Wagoneer are set to return to the American road in modern form .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Chuck Hagel ’ s bid to lead the Pentagon	faces an uncertain outcome on a critical vote Friday as Democrats attempt to break a GOP filibuster of the defense secretary nominee .
The United States on Wednesday vowed to track down those behind the killings of its ambassador to Libya and three other Americans .
Video from Las Vegas ' Mandalay Bay resort -- from its valet area , elevators , restaurants , gambling floors and hallways -- show that in the days before Stephen Paddock committed the worst mass shooting in modern American history , he did nothing terribly remarkable .
The FBI has arrested Brendt Christensen of Champaign , Illinois , in the disappearance of Yingying Zhang , a visiting Chinese university student .
David Frum says the controversy over abortion typically fails to examine the full picture
An attorney for Roy Moore on Wednesday compared Moore 's dating habits to arranged marriage and suggested that MSNBC host Ali Velshi 's `` background '' would help him understand Moore 's `` process . ''
The CIA on Wednesday announced it released a massive tranche of files it said came from the Osama bin Laden raid in 2011 .
The first U.S. case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome ( MERS ) coronavirus has been reported in Indiana , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says .
It 's official : Michael Kors is buying Versace for $ 2 billion .
Police arrested a former Creighton University lab worker Monday for two double homicides over five years , both connected to the Nebraska school .
Greg Gianforte , the Republican congressional candidate from Montana who had a physical altercation Wednesday with a journalist , is known as a tech entrpreneur .
( CNN ) --	A new book , now number six on the New York Times ' Best Sellers list , is putting the so-called `` birther '' issue back on the national stage .	`` Where 's the Birth Certificate ? ''	by Jerome Corsi , which debuted on the list out Sunday , argues President Obama is not a natural-born U.S .
Dramatic video showed a woman pulling herself out from under fallen debris and walking -- completely covered in mud -- over the fallen wooden panels .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell would n't answer questions Sunday about whether Donald Trump is qualified for the presidency , saying he 'll `` leave that to the American people to decide . ''
Motiva has closed the largest oil refinery in the country because of flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey .
Police are searching for Travis Reinking , who is suspected of killing four people at a Nashville-area Waffle House on Sunday .	Follow here for the latest .
Lead exposure may be responsible for nearly 10 times more deaths in the United States than previously thought , according to a new study .
Conscious uncoupling , defined .	Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin used the term when announcing their separation .	What exactly is it ?
A sudden , deep `` crack '' or `` gash '' in the Earth around Wyoming 's Bighorn Mountains has left many in awe and curious about the explanation .
Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford gives his first face to face interview to CNN Anchor and Chief Innovation Correspondent Bill Weir following his acknowledgement of drug use , verbal rants and threats , and other accusations .
A rare Qing dynasty vase that was discovered in the attic of a French family home has sold at auction in Paris for €16.2 million , or about $ 19 million .
The New York medical examiner 's office will conduct an autopsy Monday on the body of actor Philip Seymour Hoffman , who was found dead Sunday
NASA has released recordings of 'outer-space type music ' heard by Apollo 10 astronauts while they orbited the far side of the Moon .
Scores of people have died in a blaze that engulfed a jail in the Venezuelan city of Valencia , according to the country 's head prosecutor .
Sen. John McCain is heading home to Arizona to continue recovering from the side effects of chemotherapy and will not be in Washington for the tax vote this week , two sources close to McCain confirmed to CNN .
The White House says the US `` looks forward to participating '' in the 2018 Winter Olympics , following confusion after US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley said it remained an `` open question '' whether US athletes would be able to attend .
Investigators in Georgia release new information about why they charged a father with murder and cruelty after his son died in a hot car .
Jeremy Joseph Christian began yelling as soon as he walked into the courtroom Tuesday .
The al Qaeda bomb master behind a 2009 attempt to blow up an airliner over Detroit on Christmas Day may have been killed , according to a UN team that tracks terrorist groups .
A number of websites posted a video Wednesday showing four men dressed in U.S. Marine Corps combat gear urinating on the apparently dead bodies of three men .
Click the chart to track Apple 's stock .	Another day , and another record for Apple 's stock .	Shares of Apple ( AAPL ) topped their day-old all-time high , hitting $ 696.82 Friday amid strong enthusiasm for the iPhone 5 .	Apple unveiled its
Thanks to Netflix , parents will be ringing in 2015 a few hours early .
Gary Johnson is the new punching bag of the 2016 campaign .
Former FBI Director James Comey 's testimony released Wednesday is full of eye-popping details about his interactions with President Donald Trump
Two young boys from upstate New York are recovering after a gust of wind swept up the inflatable bounce house they were playing in .
For residents of the Big Island of Hawaii , Friday was a day of fraught nerves as a strong earthquake shook their homes , which are increasingly threatened by a volcanic eruption that does n't show any signs of slowing down .
A hot air balloon crash in Lockhart , Texas , left no survivors , the Caldwell County Sheriff 's Office said .	The FAA said 16 people were aboard when it crashed .
The president of South Africa lashed out Tuesday at NATO 's enforcement of the U.N. resolution authorizing the organization to act to protect innocent civilians threatened by Libya 's civil war .
Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona remained in critical but stable condition in a Tucson hospital Monday as her alleged would-be assassin made his first appearance in court .
Winter storm warnings are in place across large portions of the Northeast .	Boston has set a record : 62.5 inches of snowfall since January 15 .
United Nations monitors who were trying to access the scene of `` new massacres '' in Syria 's Hama province were shot at with small arms , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon told the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday morning .
Attorney :	The shooting into a car of teens , that left one dead , bears no resemblance to the Trayvon Martin case
Marco Rubio said he would consider running for re-election to the Senate if Florida 's lieutenant governor , a close friend of his , had not entered the race to succeed him .
An artificial ovary may soon be possible , according to researchers who have engineered an ovarian `` scaffold '' on which early-stage cells can develop into functional follicles .
Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers killed in the `` Speicher massacre '' have been discovered in newly liberated Tikrit .
Donald Trump endorsed House Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Sen. John McCain on Friday , moving to mend an intra-party rift that has put the Republican presidential nominee at odds with its highest-ranking elected official .
Barack Obama has fulfilled his civic duty as president .	Now comes another role as a citizen : jury duty .
Police began drilling outside a suburban Detroit home in the search for Jimmy Hoffa , the labor strongman whose disappearance is one of the most notorious .
When Elizabeth Joice found out she was pregnant , she and her husband were ecstatic .	Then her cancer came back .
Sean Spicer , Donald Trump 's choice for the key press job , has spent six years as communications director of the Republican National Committee .
Megyn Kelly and NBC News executives are negotiating the terms of her departure from the news division .
Adacia Chambers , who 's accused of plowing a car into crowds at an Oklahoma State University homecoming parade , is charged with second-degree murder and DUI .
( CNN ) --	Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday he ca n't see an agreement on immigration reform happening this year , citing an `` irresolvable conflict '' between the U.S. Senate and House .
More than six weeks after Flight 370 disappeared , Malaysia 's prime minister says he is not prepared to declare it -- and the 239 people on board -- lost .
South Korea is ratcheting up its rhetoric against Pyongyang with a new threat : Come at us , and we 'll cut off the head of the snake .
Gary Cohn , a former Wall Street banker , became President Trump 's top economic adviser in January and has since emerged as one of Trump 's most trusted aides .
Prosecutors said they will indict Lee Jae-yong , the de facto chief of the giant South Korean conglomerate , on bribery and other charges .
Jeffrey Sandusky , the son of convicted sex abuser and former Penn State football coach Jerry Sandusky , pleaded guilty Friday to all 14 counts of child sexual abuse against him .
No longer a hurricane , Hermine is set to bring rain and damage to the Northeast during the Labor Day weekend after drenching the Carolinas as a tropical storm .
JetBlue took the top spot as passengers ' favorite airline , followed by Southwest , according to the latest travel report from the American Customer Satisfaction Index .
Los Angeles will be the first US city to use body scanners for indications of concealed weapons or explosive devices .	They 'll scan you at the bottom of escalators at metro stations .
A hospital official apologizes for blunders in handling Ebola as schools close for fear of possible exposure .
The hospital at the center of an Ebola outbreak in Uganda is now dealing with 30 suspected cases , including five from Kibaale prison , a doctor said Thursday .
Tomi Lahren , the outspoken conservative commentator , is suing her former boss and workplace , Glenn Beck and The Blaze , alleging wrongful termination .
Ex-British Prime Minister Tony Blair says he came under `` political pressure '' from media baron Rupert Murdoch during his time in office .
On Thursday , Apple customers will deliver a petition to various flagship Apple stores around the United States and abroad seeking the company 's response to reports of poor working conditions in factory suppliers in China , like Foxconn .
In a message of defiance to the Taliban , authorities in Pakistan have decided to rename a government college after wounded teen Malala Yousafzai .
Apple said it will investigate reports of terrible labor conditions in three Chinese Pegatron factories that produce iPhones and Mac computers .
Former Sen. Scott Brown on Monday stepped into the attack dog role for Donald Trump , saying his former Senate opponent Elizabeth Warren should `` take a DNA test '' if she wants to prove her Native American heritage .
Here 's a look at allegations against Bill Cosby and how they snowballed into lawsuits , cover stories and a national conversation on sexual assault .
The Pentagon said Friday that it had killed ISIS ' finance minister , Abd al-Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli , whom many analysts consider the group 's No . 2 leader .
It was dog , gone .	That 's what happened to dog named `` Hendrix '' who was scheduled to fly from Newark to Phoenix and was put on the wrong flight -- to Ireland .
Nearly 10 % of college graduates surveyed in a poll believe that Judith Sheindlin , aka `` Judge Judy , '' serves on the Supreme Court .
U.S. contractor Alan Gross , held by the Cuban government since 2009 , was freed as part of a deal with Cuba that paves the way for a overhaul in U.S. policy .
The Trump administration , in an attempt to remake the size and scope of the federal government , will inform federal agencies Wednesday that President Donald Trump 's federal ban on hiring is over .	But the Office of Management and Budget expects agencies to begin implementing	more `` targeted '' and `` surgical '' cuts to agency staffing .
Shop at the wrong Walgreens and you could end up shelling out more than if you 'd bought the exact same items at a store on the other side of town .
After the news of a U.S. soldier charged with murdering Afghan civilians , the story of Spc .	Dennis Weichel of the Rhode Island National Guard bears telling .
Passengers who fly for Thanksgiving will still see jam-packed flights , the trade group that represents major U.S. airlines said Thursday .
For the second time in just a week , Senator Kamala Harris was cut off by Republican colleagues while posing questions at a Senate intelligence committee hearing .
Cyprus was scrambling Monday to win parliamentary support for a controversial bailout of the tiny island nation that threatened to backfire on the European Union .
The Pentagon has `` put a proposal on the table '' for U.S. military forces to train and equip moderate Syrian opposition forces for the first time , two Obama administration officials told CNN .
A fugitive accused of kidnapping women off the streets and raping them has been arrested in Mexico after 24 years on the run , authorities said .
( CNN )	-- Richard Grenell , who joined Mitt Romney 's team as a foreign policy adviser less than two weeks ago , has left the campaign , a spokesman for the likely Republican presidential nominee confirmed Tuesday .
A grisly video is the latest State Department effort to push back against ISIS recruiting efforts by highlighting the group 's barbaric nature .
Fugitive U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden asks Russian President Vladimir Putin about Moscow 's surveillance practices .
The House Intelligence Committee on Saturday released a Democratic memo in redacted form that seeks to undercut Republican claims of FBI surveillance abuses .
A jury found Led Zeppelin frontman Robert Plant and guitarist Jimmy Page not guilty of copyright infringement on perhaps their most famous song , `` Stairway to Heaven . ''
Luckily for the 3,300 backers , Kickstarter suspended the Kobe Red campaign just minutes before it ended -- so no money changed hands .
Violence flared around Syria on Saturday , with the opposition reporting executions and voicing fears about a battle for Aleppo as regime forces approached .
Vice President Joe Biden and Rep. Paul Ryan , GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney 's running mate , will share the stage in Danville , Kentucky , in their only debate .	Biden and Ryan 's debate follows the top of the tickets ' first of three debates last week , in which Obama turned in a lackluster performance , upstaged by an aggressive and vibrant Romney .
MasterCard is facing a gargantuan lawsuit over claims it ripped off U.K. consumer by charging illegally high fees on store transactions between 1992 and 2008 .
A woman appears to have accidentally fatally shot herself in the head with a gun bought to prepare for possible Ferguson-related unrest , according to sources briefed on the police investigation .
Hours before Donald Trump was set to huddle with Senate Republicans to rally support for his tax cut measure , Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker delivered an absolute bludgeoning of the President .	And even that may be an understatement .
Sarah Sanders was asked a simple question by CNN 's Jeff Zeleny on Wednesday afternoon :	Did President Donald Trump know that his personal lawyer made a $ 130,000 payment to silence a porn star alleging that she had engaged in an extramarital affair with Trump ?
Rescuers scrambled to pluck hundreds of passengers from a ferry as it slowly sank off the South Korean coast
First lady Melania Trump was released from the hospital Saturday morning , her office confirmed .	In a Saturday tweet thanking well-wishers for their thoughts , President Donald Trump initially misspelled his wife 's name .	The tweet was quickly deleted .
Just when it seemed like the fury surrounding the chaplain for the US House of Representatives was over .
The Donald has sued Palm Beach County 's airport , again , in defense of Mar-a-Lago .
Are we alone in the universe ?	Findings by NASA 's Kepler space telescope are making that seem less likely .
Tropical Storm Debby lumbered onto marshy the west coast of Florida on Tuesday , forecasters reported .
Authorities at Yellowstone National Park are investigating reports that a tourist crashed a drone into the Grand Prismatic Spring , on Saturday .
Frayed nerves blanket Kaufman County , Texas , as authorities try to find is	a killer or killers are bent on taking out top criminal justice officials .
Navy divers are searching a flooded cave for 12 missing boys in northern Thailand , three days after they 're believed to have ventured inside with their soccer coach .
The reason tall people are at a greater risk of cancer is because they have more cells in their body , new research has suggested .
Donald Trump 's campaign posted $ 80 million in fundraising last month in conjunction with the Republican Party , powered by a small-dollar program that is allowing him to slowly close the gap with Hillary Clinton .
( CNN ) --	Sarah Palin may not have the biggest fan in former first lady Barbara Bush .	`` I sat next to her once .	Thought she was beautiful , '' Barbara Bush said .	`	` And she 's very happy in Alaska , and I hope she 'll stay there . ''	Bush , along with her husband , former President George H.W .
U.S. student Amanda Knox and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are waiting -- once again -- for a verdict from an Italian court .
A judge has approved the release of actress Allison Mack on a $ 5 million bond , days after the former `` Smallville '' star was arrested on Friday for her alleged role in a sex trafficking case , a spokesperson for the United States Attorney 's Office told CNN .
President-elect Donald Trump is turning his attention Thursday to crafting a `` short '' but impactful inaugural address designed not to overly burden the thousands of supporters expected to attend next month 's ceremony .
In a difficult bid to land a Falcon 9 rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , SpaceX , the private space exploration company , was unsuccessful .
President Donald Trump revealed new details Friday morning about the first lady Melania Trump 's medical procedure last month , calling it an `` operation , '' a word that previously had not been associated with on-the-record comments about Trump 's 5-night stay at Walter Reed Military Medical Center .
Syrian rebels backed by Turkish tanks have captured a key town from ISIS on the Syrian side of the border between the two countries , Turkish state media reported .
Crews searched for 12 Marines missing at sea Friday after two CH-53 helicopters apparently collided during an overnight training flight off the coast of the Hawaiian island of Oahu , authorities said .
House Republicans nominated the 45-year-old Paul Ryan to be speaker of the House
On a visit to Kiev , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden promises support for Ukraine and stresses that the United States wo n't recognize Russia 's annexation of Crimea .
An Alaska couple rode an emotional roller coaster earlier this week , when state and local police mistakenly told them their son was dead .
Authorities in Waller County , Texas , released hours of jail video on Tuesday that show Sandra Bland before her death .
Tonya Couch , the mother of the so-called `` affluenza '' teen , has posted bail , the Tarrant County Sheriff 's Office said
Tensions between Hong Kong residents and visitors from mainland China ratcheted up Wednesday , after a full-page advertisement decrying a so-called invasion of `` locusts '' from across the border appeared in a local newspaper .
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has made a renewed call for Buddhists in Myanmar and Sri Lanka to cease violence towards the countries ' Muslims .
`` Constantly searching for a needle in a haystack '' is what Brent Brisben does for a living , and on days like Saturday , the payoff makes the work worthwhile .
An 8-year-old Louisiana boy intentionally shot and killed his elderly caregiver after playing a violent video game , authorities say .
A suspect has been taken into custody in connection with as many as 20 highway shootings in the Kansas City , Missouri , area , police said Thursday .
It 's an amusing idea that gets a lot of media attention , but HBO 's CEO says password sharing is n't actually all that common .
New Jersey Gov .	Chris Christie and his family had the beach to themselves Saturday after a budget deadlock closed state-run tourist attractions to the public .
Financier and philanthropist David Rubenstein donates $ 18.5 million to renovate the Lincoln Memorial .
A 14-year-old girl has died in another case of a lower-caste woman allegedly being raped by the same man twice in India .
Those who knew Wichita State student Abduljaleel Alarbash have no doubts	he was one of the heroes who protected a Saudi mosque from a suicide bomber .
A woman was found dead in a motel room in Florida , along with a note and two live monkeys , police said .
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's claim that his country has a so-called H-bomb was aimed at both an international and domestic audience .
The man behind the NSA surveillance leak waited out his fate in a Hong Kong hotel room Monday as a likely criminal investigation brewed .
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn expected to be sentenced Tuesday by a federal judge .
Japanese authorities are operating on the presumption that possible meltdowns are under way at two nuclear reactors , a government official said Sunday , adding that there have been no indications yet of hazardous emissions of radioactive material into the atmosphere .
Smooth jazz saxophonist Kenny G wants everyone to know that he 's not a foreign agitator trying to defy the Chinese Communist Party .
By refusing to identify the very particular problem and evil of white racism , Trump divorces himself from reality .	Conservatives have to ask themselves why the far-Right identifies with their leaders , writes Tim Stanley .
Mohammed Abu Khedair , a Palestinian teenager killed in Jerusalem , died from being burned alive and hit with a blunt object to the head , autopsy reveals .
U.S. Special Operations forces conducted a raid deep into Syria overnight to capture Abu Sayyaf , a key ISIS commander , the U.S. government said .
Mexico 's government is trying to block the execution of a convicted cop killer in Texas this week , arguing that it would violate international law .
A respiratory virus called Enterovirus D68 ( EV-D68 ) sends hundreds of children to Midwest hospitals .	Learn more about the Enterovirus D68 Midwest virus .
Darryl Clinton said he has no regrets about putting himself in harm 's way -- but if he could do it again he said he would try to avoid getting hit .
Country music star Loretta Lynn , 85 , suffered a stroke Thursday at her home in Hurricane Mills , Tennessee , and has been hospitalized , according to her website .
Hillary Clinton 's surprise loss in Michigan raises an urgent question for her campaign : What went wrong ?
Attorneys for the family of a Florida teen shot to death last month plan to pursue to civil case against a homeowner 's association , the family 's lawyer said .
Anderson Cooper 's interview with Stormy Daniels propelled `` 60 Minutes '' to its highest-rated episode in ten years .
Canadian company Vitality Air is selling air bottled in a ski resort to consumers in China after heavy smog across much of the country sent demand skyrocketing .
For all his taunting of the `` failing '' New York Times , the President Donald Trump hometown paper still has a hold on him .
National controversy over a surge of Central American immigrants illegally crossing the U.S. border establishes a new battleground in Murrieta , California .
Noah Christiansen admits he could have used better language when he called his congressman 's office and used the F-word to demand action on gun control .
Besides his frequent forays into casinos and gun shops , Las Vegas strip killer Stephen Paddock took 20 cruises , many of them in Europe and the Middle East , investigators have learned .
Just before she and her two brothers were captured after a manhunt lasting more than a week , Lee Grace Dougherty pointed her machine pistol at a Colorado police chief , but the chief fired his .40-caliber handgun first , wounding her in the right upper thigh , according to an investigator 's affidavits released Thursday .
A decade-old benchmark for determining when a driver is legally intoxicated should be lowered to 0.05 , federal safety officials said Tuesday .
Palm Beach County Florida State Attorney David Aronberg will not prosecute Donald Trump 's campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , Aronberg announced Thursday .
Josh Tetrick , the founder and CEO of food	tech startup Hampton Creek , is protesting Trump 's disrespect for women and minority groups .
Virginia 's governor declared a state of emergency Friday as a winter storm expected to pummel the East Coast this weekend began dumping snow in Virginia and North Carolina .
Julianna Snow , age 5 , is dying of an incurable disease and her parents have decided to honor her wish to avoid treating her at the hospital , given the poor prognosis .
The family of Keith Lamont Scott releases a video showing the moments leading to his fatal shooting by police in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was seriously injured and hospitalized after a single-vehicle accident in Vermont , state police said .
Italian authorities said they launched a `` vast anti-terrorism operation , '' going after suspects linked with al Qaeda who discussed targeting the Vatican .
Russia showed no signs of backing down Monday even as world leaders threatened sanctions and sternly rebuked the country for sending troops into Ukraine .
Heinz to take on Huy Fong with ketchup-sriracha mix .
by Patricia Sellers Few career falls are as swift and spectacular as Cathie Black ’ s .	It took just 95 days for the former boss of Hearst Magazines -- and alum of the Fortune Most Powerful Women list -- to get
Ashley Madison 's infamous hack last summer exposed millions of cheaters , so the infidelity dating site rolled out a new security feature this week : Masks .
Pressed by federal safety regulators , air bag maker Takata has agreed to roughly double the number of recalled cars to more than 30 million cars .
The Carnival Victory cruise ship arrived back in Miami on Friday after a 26-year-old male passenger went overboard earlier in the day , the cruise line said .	The US Coast Guard released the ship from search and rescue efforts but is continuing to search .
The family of Ashley Summers , who disappeared in Cleveland on July 6 , 2007 , may have reason to be hopeful again .
Some headlines are hailing her as the bravest woman in Mexico .	Marisol Valles Garcia , all of 20 years old , says she 's just tired of everyone being afraid .
The sooner newborns get their own rooms , the longer they 'll sleep on average , according to a new study that breaks with the recommendations of the American Academy of Pediatrics .
Editor 's Note :	Superstorm Sandy smashed ashore last night , triggering floods , fires and devastation .	At least 33 people are known to have died in the United States and one in Canada , adding to the storm ’ s earlier toll of 67 .	Millions are without power .
Convicted killer Joran van der Sloot to be married in Peruvian prison , become father , his attorney tells CNN .
A Washington state middle school boy was arrested after he brought 400 rounds of ammunition , multiple knives and a handgun to his school , intending to shoot another student who he thought was bullying his friend , police said .
Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expected to become parents for a second time , Buckingham Palace says .
Randi Zuckerberg says she was subjected to `` lewd sexual remarks '' by a man seated next to her on an Alaska Airlines flight .
Eating healthy , exercising , maintaining a healthy BMI , not smoking and not drinking too much alcohol could add more than a decade to your life expectancy at 50 , a new study suggests .
Three more women came forward publicly Wednesday to accuse Bill Cosby of sexually inappropriate behavior .
A life jacket , determined rescuers and an unlikely pocket of air kept a boat accident from turning into tragedy over the weekend , according to the Cocoa , Florida Police Department .
Ted Cruz formally named Carly Fiorina as his vice presidential running mate Wednesday -- a last-ditch move to regain momentum after being mathematically eliminated from winning the GOP presidential nomination outright .
Pablo Villavicencio , who was detained after trying to deliver a pizza to a military base in Brooklyn , was granted the stay until July 20 .
The leaders of the Republican and Democratic national committees on Wednesday weighed in on the prospect of an independent presidential run by Michael Bloomberg .
The remains of two people have been found in an Austin , Texas , building where a man crashed a small plane , authorities said .
Jeb Bush questioned Tuesday whether the U.S. government should spend `` half a billion dollars for women 's health issues . ''
Washington ( CNN ) -- An offer from the Obama administration to show Congressional investigators some documents related to the failed `` Fast and Furious '' sting operation was rejected Tuesday , sources from both sides say .
When all was said and done , Jerry and Dottie Sandusky did not ask the judge for mercy .	They did not try to extol Jerry 's virtues , list good deeds or express regret .	Instead , they depicted the boys he sexually assaulted as ungrateful and called them liars .
Protesters across the U.S. took to the streets to demand that President Trump make his tax returns public .
The business dealings of President Donald Trump 's son-in-law and trusted aide Jared Kushner are being investigated by Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller , The Washington Post reported Thursday , citing officials familiar with the matter .
White House national security adviser HR McMaster said Saturday that North Korea represents `` the greatest immediate threat to the United States '' and that the potential for war with the communist nation is growing each day .
Technology uses sensors to scan the road for potholes and the car 's suspension responds .
Danny Cevallos says the judge 's ruling does n't address the merits of whether Trump 's immigration ban is legal , and this case could go to the Supreme Court .
The Audubon Zoo in New Orleans remained closed on Saturday after a jaguar escaped its habitat and killed eight other animals .	A ninth animal died Monday .
A Malaysia Airlines flight carrying 239 people from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing disappeared Saturday after losing contact with air traffic controllers .
Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson , who chaired Obama 's fiscal commission in 2010 , propose a new framework to cut the country 's debt by another $ 2.4 trillion .
For one Syrian mother , two blue check marks are the only proof her daughter is still alive .
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou will step down as his government 's leader , the country 's president announced Sunday night .
Got an idea on how to make a flying aircraft carrier ?	The Defense Department wants to know about it .
Ukrainian army officer says `` full-scale invasion '' of his country under way Thursday , U.S. official says up to 1,000 Russian troops crossed into Ukraine .
Muslim-American journalist	Noor Tagouri will appear in Playboy magazine 's October issue wearing a hijab , a decision that has elicited praise in some quarters and provoked condemnation in others .
Whole Foods is opening a sister chain of grocery stores , targeting younger shoppers who are too cost-conscious to buy at current shops .
Compared with women who have never had children , women who have given birth may have an increased breast cancer risk that continues for up to 23 years after birth , according to a new study .	But the increased risk is small .
A US Navy ship had an `` unsafe '' interaction with a Chinese warship Sunday while the US vessel was conducting a freedom of navigation operation near the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea , causing the US ship to maneuver `` to prevent a collision , '' according to US defense officials .
McDonald 's is celebrating International Women 's Day with a big , gleaming , W .
In his final Election Day as governor , Chris Christie added another on-camera upbraiding to his legacy as a politician with a proclivity for punching back .
Investigators in Berlin have detained a man whom they believe to be Luka Rocco Magnotta , a porn actor wanted in Canada for killing and dismembering someone and mailing body parts to political parties , a spokesman for the police in Berlin , Guido Busch , said Monday .
Another familiar Hollywood face bid farewell late Saturday -- actor Meshach Taylor .	He died at age 67 at his Los Angeles area home , his agent Dede Binder said .
The Japanese defense minister said he had ordered the preparation of a missile defense system ahead of a rocket launch by North Korea .
President-elect Donald Trump is breaking from 11 presidents ' worth of tradition and benching Charles Brotman .
The dead submarine crew had n't moved from their stations for nearly 150 years .	Now , some scientists think a shock wave could have damaged their insides and caused a swift death .
Fear not , drive-in fans .	Inspire , the owner of Arby 's and Buffalo Wild Wings , said nothing will change now that it is acquiring Sonic .	The company will remain an independent subsidiary .
In the next round of Rand Paul vs. Donald Trump , the Republican senator from Kentucky is releasing his campaign 's first digital ad against his presidential rival , hitting the frontrunner in a video for supporting Democrats in the past .
Amazon is stoking interest in its drone delivery plan with a new video starring TV host Jeremy Clarkson .	The company is demonstrating a new design for the drones .
A Catholic priest in Pennsylvania has been charged with indecent assault and corruption of a minor involving a 17-year-old girl , Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin said Tuesday .
Ivanka Trump defended her father at a women 's panel in Berlin Tuesday after attendees hissed and booed when she attempted to champion her father 's commitment to women 's issues .
U.S. intelligence agencies are investigating the breach , which they consider among the most sophisticated attacks ever against U.S. government systems .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Tuesday called a six-month halt on deepwater drilling `` needed , appropriate and within our authorities '' in announcing he will issue a new order on a moratorium just hours after a federal judge blocked such a mandate .
A person who was shot at a protest in Charlotte , North Carolina , is in critical condition , the city tweeted .
Investors are starting to worry about the risk that the U.K. decides to leave the European Union .	A Brexit could provide a shock to not just European stocks but U.S. ones as well .
Joyce Mitchell baked treats for guards to curry favor for Richard Matt and David Sweat then smuggled hacksaw blades inside meat , an official says .
Who is the `` Slenderman '' character that allegedly inspired 12-year-old girls to stab a classmate near Milwaukee ?
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused the Iranian president , Hassan Rouhani , of seeking to obtain a nuclear weapon .
Paul Walker 's daughter , Meadow Walker , has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Porsche , claiming the sports car he was riding in had multiple design flaws .
If you want to understand what the city of the future might look like , a good place to start would be this week 's World Architecture Festival ( WAF ) .
About 670,000 residents in Oregon were advised Friday to boil drinking water after several tests showed E. coli in some water samples , Portland officials say .
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson requests that the order for a $ 31,000 dining set be canceled in statement provided to CNN .
A US Navy sailor who posted a video of herself sitting in protest during the national anthem at a Florida military base could face punishment after her post went viral this week .
A tsunami advisory announced shortly after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck Japan 's Ryukyu Islands early Saturday has been canceled , Japan 's Meteorological Agency reported .
A car which plunged 500 feet ( 152 meters ) off a cliff into a raging river may contain the bodies of two missing Thai students .
The Federal Aviation Administration extended its ban Wednesday on U.S. airlines ' flights to and from Tel Aviv , Israel , for another 24 hours .
The Limited , a once-popular women 's clothing brand that offers casual attire and workwear , no longer has any storefronts .	But the brand will continue to sell online .
Amber Vinson , the second Dallas health care worker who was found to have the Ebola virus , should not have boarded a commercial jet Monday , health officials say .
A private plane crashed on takeoff Saturday night in Massachusetts , killing all seven people on board , including Lewis Katz , owner of Philadelphia newspapers .
The Trump administration will hold back more than 100,000 pages of documents related to Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh 's service because the White House and the Department of Justice have determined they are protected by constitutional privilege , according to a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee .
President-elect Donald Trump said Saturday he will dissolve the Trump Foundation , the charitable foundation in his name , as part of efforts to untangle himself of conflicts of interest in the weeks before he is sworn into office .
Patagonia is giving away 100 % of its Black Friday sales to environmental groups working to protect air , water and soil resources .
Investigators in New York said Sunday they are looking into a report that four sanitation supervisors assigned to clean up after last week 's monster blizzard instead bought beer and sat in their car .
Hong Kong says it will destroy its huge stockpile of contraband ivory in a move hailed as a significant step in combating the illegal trade in elephant tusks .
`` Star Wars '' fans may have pored over the details of Carrie Fisher 's affair with Harrison Ford in her last book , but he did n't .
Two psychologists who designed and helped oversee the CIA 's harsh interrogation program are now facing a lawsuit filed on behalf of three former CIA prisoners who allegedly were tortured at `` black site , '' or secret , prisons .
President Donald Trump indicated this weekend to associates he is preparing to oust Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin , a source familiar with the conversations confirmed to CNN .
Climate change and suicide risk linked ?	A study suggests that suicide rates could climb 0.68 % in the US and 2.1 % in Mexico for every 1-degree Celsius increase in monthly average temperatures .
Two firefighters lost their lives responding to a nine-alarm fire at a brick brownstone in Boston 's Back Bay neighborhood Wednesday .
The Kushner family pitched wealthy Chinese businesspeople Saturday , hoping to lure them into investing in their real estate by promising it could land them an American passport .
Withdrawing its ground forces Tuesday for a three-day cease-fire with Hamas , Israel announced that its central goal was achieved .
New York City Council unanimously passed legislation against revenge porn .
Uber continues its push to get into the good graces of its drivers with new perks and more forgiving rules
Allegations that the United States is spying on its European allies topped the agenda for European Union ambassadors meeting Thursday in Belgium .
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes set off a stunning new political controversy Wednesday by revealing that communications of President Donald Trump and associates may have been picked up after the election by intelligence agencies conducting surveillance of foreign targets .
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy on Monday categorically denied that he 's spoken with Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney about replacing Paul Ryan as House speaker before the election .
8-year-old Laney Brown , diagnosed with terminal illness , is serenaded by thousands of carolers , has FaceTime chat with her idol , Taylor Swift .
Ret .	Vice Adm. Bob Harward turned down President Donald Trump 's offer to be national security adviser Thursday , depriving the administration of a top candidate for a critical foreign policy post days after Trump fired Michael Flynn .
George Zimmerman `` did n't do anything unlawful '' and was `` justified '' in shooting 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , one of the jurors who acquitted Zimmerman said .
Donald Trump on Tuesday voted for himself for the first time in his life .
It was only a few weeks ago that the idea of stopping Donald Trump from securing the Republican presidential nomination before the party convention seemed in reach .
WikiLeaks on Saturday walked back a claim made by its founder , Julian Assange , that it was `` working on '' obtaining Donald Trump 's undisclosed tax returns .
President Donald Trump Tuesday signed a measure nixing a regulation aimed at keeping guns out of the hands of some severely mentally ill people .
Coughing and difficulty breathing led an 18-year-old in Pennsylvania to visit an emergency room where her condition rapidly worsened -- all due to vaping , according to a new report .
A German 's `` rage against Americans '' motivated his `` campaign of terror '' with fires in Hollywood and nearby communities , prosecutors said .
Defense Secretary Ash Carter says the military is `` looking into '' service members ' use of the website Ashley Madison after more than 15,000 government-connected email accounts were included in the personal details published by hackers .
President Trump surprised the leaders of his own party in Congress on Wednesday when he backed a deal pushed by Democrats to attach hurricane relief money
Harley-Davidson has been caught in the middle of a trade fight between President Trump and European allies .
Sensitive DHS reports about protecting the Super Bowl from terrorism were found in the seat-back pocket on a commercial airplane flight .
Russian President Vladimir Putin denied having any involvement in the hack of the Democratic National Committee in early August , in an interview published Friday , but said it 's `` important '' the contents of the DNC emails were made public .
The search continued Thursday for a gay porn actor suspected of dismembering his acquaintance and posting the video of the incident online .
Earlier this year , the Trump administration released a list of Russians with close ties to the Kremlin , but stopped short of imposing sanctions on them .
The federal government has concluded there 's a new leaker exposing national security documents in the aftermath of surveillance disclosures by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , U.S. officials tell CNN .
Google searches about suicide climbed 19 % in the days following the release of Netflix 's `` 13 Reasons Why , '' according to a new research paper .
Iran blocked YouTube and its owner Google over the weekend because of an inflammatory movie trailer about the Prophet Mohammed that has infuriated Muslims .
Embattled FIFA President Sepp Blatter deserves a Nobel Prize for his work leading world soccer 's governing body , Russian leader Vladimir Putin says .
Nikolas Cruz , the former student who gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida , recorded his plans on three cellphone videos , saying in one that he would try to kill at least 20 people .
Questions about NBC 's internal investigation into Brian Williams are mounting , but the network wo n't be announcing any decision about the anchorman 's future for several weeks .
Police hauled away protesters in various cities Sunday as Occupy Wall Street rallies continued for the 30th day .
Olivia Wise , a teenager who refused to let an inoperable brain tumor kill her spirit , died Monday .
Men are dying at a higher rate than women from melanoma , an aggressive type of skin cancer , according to a new analysis .	Previous evidence points towards men being less engaged in protecting themselves from the sun or in melanoma awareness campaigns .
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has dismissed reports of last week 's chemical attack as `` 100 % fabrication , '' an assertion at odds with numerous eyewitness accounts , independent analysis and even the explanation given by its strongest ally , Russia .
While the Opportunity rover maintains radio silence during a giant dust storm on Mars , the nuclear-powered Curiosity rover continues to take selfies and send back information .
President Barack Obama welcomed President-elect Donald Trump to the White House Thursday , as both men put past antagonisms aside in a time-honored ritual epitomizing the peaceful transfer of political power .
Authorities said Wednesday they are reasonably sure that the body found inside the burned cabin near Big Bear Lake is that of Christopher Dorner .
( CNN ) --	Newt Gingrich said Tuesday he would n't vote for Ron Paul if the Texas congressman won the 2012 GOP nomination .	Speaking to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , Gingrich slammed Paul as out of line with mainstream Republican viewpoints , including his stance on Israel , Iran , and September 11 .
Harry Potter creator J.K. Rowling donned an invisibility cloak of her own for her new novel .	She secretly wrote `` The Cuckoo 's Calling '' under a pseudonym .
Tampa , Florida ( CNN ) --	The always-vocal supporters of Ron Paul made one final push to support the Texas congressman 's bid for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination Tuesday , and in the process made their displeasure at the GOP establishment known as official proceedings at the Republican National Con ...
Edible confetti raining over London ?	Check .	400,000 fireworks exploding over Dubai ?	Got that , too .	Then there 's the New Year 's Eve drag queen drop in Florida ...
The suspects involved in the Boston Marathon bombing were brothers from the Russian Caucasus who settled in America with the rest of their family .
Some of the world 's top female chess players are upset that the next world championship will be held in Iran , where players must wear head scarves .
( CNN ) --	Days before the Republican National Convention kicks off in Tampa next week , former presidential candidate Newt Gingrich released his delegates in a symbolic gesture and urged them to vote for Mitt Romney .
The company that owns Victoria 's Secret vowed a full investigation Thursday after a report said cotton used in some of its products is grown using child labor .
McDonald 's was praised by ad experts for a new TV commercial featuring messages on the company 's signs .	But many on Twitter thought references to national tragedies were out of line .
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders will face off in CNN 's Democratic presidential debate in Brooklyn Thursday night as they spar ahead of a critical contest in New York -- a state where both candidates have deep roots .
The pain and anger was etched across Muhammad Azeem 's face as he recounted the unthinkable .
It 's like a modern romcom featuring a television star and a politician -- complete with a social media twist .
At least 19 people have been stung to death by hornets -- which may include the world 's largest hornet species Vespa mandarinia -- in China 's central Shaanxi province in the last three months , according to the city government of Ankang , the apparent epicenter of a recent spate of fatalities and injuries .
A container ship whose crew includes 28 Americans is missing near the eye of Hurricane Joaquin , despite efforts
Jeff Kepner 's new hands slump on the table , like ill-fitting , flesh-colored anchors fused to his arms .
A computer whiz is exposing a weakness in airline prices called `` hidden city , '' travel
Actor Harrison Ford was injured but is OK after crash-landing a small plane on a golf course in California on Thursday , his son tweeted .
Serena Williams suffers 6-1 6-0 defeat to Johanna Konta at Silicon Valley Classic .
A North Carolina man facing murder charges in the death of a `` Food Network Star '' contestant had human remains in his woodstove , authorities say .
Divers searching the wreck of a sunken ferry in the Yellow Sea are finding cabins overfilled with people , but encountering major obstacles in recovering bodies
Bobbi Kristina Brown , the daughter of the late Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown , has been moved to hospice care , her family says .
NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has successfully executed its daring dive , hurtling through the 1,500-mile-wide gap between Saturn and its rings .
Aereo , the Web startup that captured shows from broadcast airwaves , is essentially dead after a Supreme Court ruling Wednesday .
The rock group 's lead singer , Chester Bennington , died of an apparent suicide earlier this week .
In a previously undisclosed Transportation Security Administration program , federal air marshals are tracking American citizens not suspected of a crime , not under investigation or who are not on any terrorist watch list , the Boston Globe first reported and CNN has confirmed .
Saying she 's an `` old woman '' trying to find out the fate of her only son , the mother of American hostage Abdul-Rahman Kassig has sent a tweet meant for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi .
Improved weather conditions will allow helicopters to join the search Saturday for two American climbers missing after an attempt to scale one of the highest peaks in northern Pakistan , a family spokesman for one of the missing men said .
An unusually high number of leprosy cases are being detected in Florida , and experts believe it 's because people are getting into contact with armadillos .
Bangladesh 's government Thursday ordered a probe into irregularities during Muhammad Yunus ' tenure as head of micro-lender Grameen Bank .
Forget about Blue Steel .	You need to get into this Purple Passion .
It was a starry night for the first lady .	Her `` Carpool Karaoke '' aired with James Corden , and she hosted a special screening of `` Star Trek Beyond '' for veterans and military personnel .
Vice President Mike Pence 's older brother , Greg Pence , has won the Republican nomination for his congressional bid in Indiana , CNN projects .
Peter Bergen writes that newly released documents seized in the raid that killed bin Laden paint a vivid portrait of his concerns as he hid out in a compound in Pakistan .
A fishing trawler swept away more than a year ago by a tsunami off the coast of Japan has been spotted near British Columbia , Canadian officials said Friday .
Citing public safety concerns , U.S. officials put an early end Saturday to a week-long roundup of a Nevada rancher 's illegally grazing cattle on federal land .
In the cavernous sanctuary of the National Cathedral on Wednesday , President Donald Trump came face-to-face for the first time with his four living predecessors , an encounter occasioned only by a loss to the most exclusive club in American politics -- indeed , in the world .
A meeting this week between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton is creating headaches for Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
Meghan McCain on Saturday presented the legacy of her father , John McCain , as a sharp contrast to the conduct of President Donald Trump , with whom the late senator bitterly feuded .
By Michael Martinez , CNN ( CNN ) --	A church called the Phoenix Goddess Temple has been accused of being a house of prostitution , and a six-month undercover investigation has resulted in the arrests of 20 women and men who worked there , Phoenix police said Friday .
After four years of feuding over the legacy of Joe Paterno , with a few vague details about what he may have known about allegations of sexual abuse by one of his coaches , it is becoming clear there may be much more .
As the community reels from a shooting rampage at Fort Hood , investigators are grappling for answers on why Spc .	Ivan Lopez opened fire against fellow soldiers .
Despite admitted lies about her past and before the grand jury , the maid at the center of the sex assault case against French financier Dominique Strauss-Kahn is getting support from at least a dozen New York City community groups , activists and religious leaders .
Groupon 's IPO filings have stripped out nonstandard metrics and dialed back how much the company hopes to raise .	Is the public debut doomed ?
Bill O'Reilly will be paid tens of millions of dollars on his way out of Fox News .
Ex-Montana teacher Stacey Rambold , an admitted rapist , is set to be released from incarceration after 31 days .
Protesters marched again Saturday in cities across the nation to decry police brutality after the killing of two African-American men by police this week .
Here 's a rundown of everyone we know has been affected by the global ransomware attack .
The death toll from raging wildfires fires in Sevier County , Tennessee , climbed to 10 on Thursday afternoon .
Washington ( CNN ) - Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced for the first time Monday she supports marriage rights for same-sex couples , saying that `` gay rights are human rights , and human rights are gay rights .
A group that claims Harvard puts quotas on Asian-American applicants contends the university scores them higher than students of other races on academics and extracurricular activities but ranks them lowest in a `` personal '' category covering such traits as likability and `` attractive to be with . ''
More than two dozen young women reported they were sexually assaulted at a concert in Germany , authorities said .
President Donald Trump 's personal attorney , Michael Cohen , has split with the legal team that has shepherded him through a criminal investigation that included a high-profile FBI raid , a source familiar with the change said Wednesday .
The US said Monday it believes the Syrian government has built a large crematorium near the notorious Saydnaya Military Prison in an effort to hide mass atrocities carried out there , and placed the onus on Russia to rein in the regime .
Ohio Republican Gov .	John Kasich said on CNN 's `` State of the Union '' Sunday that a time could come when he no longer supports the Republican Party .
Tamerlan Tsarnaev will undergo a second `` independent '' autopsy demanded by his relatives , a family spokeswoman said .
Liberal Democratic icon George McGovern was taken to a South Dakota hospital after falling Friday night at a nearby university , a library staff member told CNN .
Rudy Giuliani on Monday attempted to clarify his weekend remark that `` truth is n't truth '' as part of his explanation for why he does n't believe that President Donald Trump should testify with special counsel Robert Mueller .
Amazon launches yet another Prime service called Prime Day
The FBI and the federal prosecutors in Illinois are investigating whether Rep. Aaron Schock broke the law in accounting for campaign expenses , according to people familiar with the matter .
A top adviser to Donald Trump resigned Monday after sending a mocking tweet about just-fired campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , a campaign source tells CNN .
President Donald Trump will not meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next month , he announced in a letter to Kim released by the White House Thursday morning , scrapping plans for what would have been a historic diplomatic summit .
Weeks after Hurricane Maria , with more than 35 % of residents without safe drinking water , some desperate Puerto Ricans are taking water from a Superfund site .
At least seven lawsuits have been filed against a surgeon in Georgia who shared videos of herself dancing on YouTube during surgery while patients are in view and under anesthesia .	The suits claim she is unqualified and her behavior resulted in poor outcomes including brain damage .
If it was New Year 's Eve , they could have spent $ 888 per head on a tasting menu .	But instead , President-elect Donald Trump met potential secretary of state nominee Mitt Romney Tuesday at Jean Georges , a three-Michelin star New York City restaurant inside his Trump International Hotel .
The automaker is recalling Cadillac XTS and Chevrolet Impalas because of a problem with the electronic parking brake arm .
The White House has authorized a waiver to loosen shipping rules regarding Puerto Rico that island officials say would be a significant help for recovery efforts from Hurricane Maria .
At least 26 people were killed in Sunday 's church shooting in Sutherland Springs , Texas ,	Gov .	Greg Abbott said at a press conference .
Shaquille O'Neal is fighting allegations from a former employee who says the NBA star stole his personal information and attempted to frame him for using child porn .
600 million people in the country are facing high to extreme water shortage , according to a report by Niti Aayog , a policy think tank for the Indian government .
Retired Gen. David Petraeus , the former top military commander and ex-CIA Director , apologized Tuesday before a top Senate committee .
Natalie Keepers , 19 , and David Eisenhauer , 18 , are charged in the death of Nicole Lovell , 13 , of Blacksburg , where Virginia Tech is located .
NSA leaker Edward Snowden is a `` free man '' at a Moscow airport , Russia 's president said Tuesday .
World powers convening Friday in Tunisia are mapping out a plan for a political solution in Syria and a `` tsunami wave '' of pressure on the regime .
The Minnesota Vikings made a mistake .	And they want to `` get things right , '' saying Adrian Peterson wo n't play for them until his legal issues are resolved .
Bannon has struck a deal with special counsel Mueller 's team and will be interviewed by prosecutors instead of testifying before the grand jury , a source said .
The U.S. risks losing its AAA credit rating from Fitch if any deal to raise the debt ceiling does not include a plan to put public finances on a more sustainable footing ,
An aircraft part apparently from the September 11 attack has been found in Lower Manhattan , New York police say .
Facebook discloses that it received between 9,000 and 10,000 requests for user data from U.S. government entities in the last half of 2012 .
`` Clueless '' star and former Fox commentator Stacey Dash is running for Congress in California .
Donald Trump on Thursday told Iowa 's voters that those who support Ben Carson are `` stupid '' to believe the `` crap '' that is his life story , part of a stunning 95-minute tirade that included his most aggressive attack yet on his closest competitor .
Oprah Winfrey continues to lose weight thanks to Weight Watchers .	Shares surged on the news of her latest ad campaign .	But they are still down sharply this year despite Oprah 's involvement with ( and investment in ) the company .
JBS Tolleson is recalling 6,500,966 pounds of various raw beef products after it was linked to an outbreak of salmonella that has caused 57 illnesses .	Recalled products were sold under brand names Walmart , Cedar River Farms Natural Beef , Showcase and JBS Generic .
Mexico heads the list of the world 's most overweight industrialized nations .	Fat chance you say ?	Exactly .
George Conway , the husband to White House counselor Kellyanne Conway , appears to be trolling President Donald Trump .
Hillary Clinton bluntly addressed a Republican state representative heckling her about Bill Clinton 's alleged sexual impropriety on Sunday in New Hampshire , telling the woman she was `` very rude . ''
Belgium mints a euro coin to mark Napoleon 's defeat at Waterloo -- and leaves France really angry .
Prince William and Prince Harry have spoken of their regret at the brevity of their final phone call with their mother , Princess Diana , just hours before her 1997 death in a car crash in Paris .
Comedian Joan Rivers is `` resting comfortably '' in a New York hospital after apparently suffering cardiac and respiratory arrest during a procedure .
Donald Trump named two top advisers to his administration Sunday , tapping Republican Party Chairman Reince Priebus to be his new chief of staff and Steve Bannon , the Trump campaign CEO and executive chairman of Breitbart News , as chief strategist and senior counselor .
Italian neurosurgeon says he is two years away from putting a head on a different body .	He has a patient lined up .
A prominent German ISIS propagandist was killed by a U.S. strike while he was traveling in a vehicle in Syria earlier this month , a U.S. official told CNN .
Roy Moore , who lost his bid to be a US senator from Alabama , has filed a lawsuit against three women who have made sexual assault accusations against him .
Jason Brezler , a highly-decorated officer in the U.S. Marine Corps Forces Reserve , is accused of mishandling classified information .	He faces an investigation .
Police describe twin terror plots , one involving the bombing of a passenger plane and the other a potential poison gas attack , as the `` most sophisticated '' ever attempted on Australian soil .
'The Vietnam War ' review : Ken Burns ' 18-hour PBS documentary covers the war and its impact from every conceivable angle
Former rap mogul Marion	`` Suge '' Knight is arrested after being accused of running over two men with his pickup truck following an argument .
Two senior administration officials said Thursday that the Trump administration told four top State Department management officials that their services were no longer needed as part of an effort to `` clean house '' at Foggy Bottom .
A magnitude-6.7 quake struck the northern island of Hokkaido early Thursday , causing landslides which buried a `` large '' number of homes at the foot of a ridge , according to public broadcaster NHK .
Police are searching for the mother of a newborn baby girl found wedged face-down in a Beijing toilet on Sunday .
Seven US sailors are missing and a commanding officer of a US destroyer is injured after the warship and a merchant ship collided off Japan , the US Navy said .
Police have detained the captain of a ferry that caught fire off the coast of Indonesia 's capital , killing at least 23 people , amid allegations he was the first to jump ship .
President Obama said Tuesday that the deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan is part of a strategy to reverse the Taliban 's momentum and stabilize the country 's government .
A Brazilian woman ranked by Guinness World Records as the world 's oldest person died Tuesday at the age of 114 .
A Mexican father who said his two young children had been kidnapped -- and later told authorities he had sold them to pay a debt -- confessed after their bodies were found that he had killed them , prosecutors say .
All the turkeys ever pardoned at the White House are dead
Suspected Taliban militants have executed a 7-year-old boy , accusing him of spying for the government , officials in southern Afghanistan said Thursday .
Presidential candidate Jon Huntsman was interviewed last week by Piers Morgan , and part of the sit-down airs tonight ( with more tomorrow ) .	Would he ever run as Mitt Romney 's running mate ?	`` I ca n't imagine it at all , '' he joked .	But how about Rep .
A cleaner in capital of Saudi Arabia was given a set of gold jewels and promised thousands of riyals after he was ridiculed on social media when a photo of him staring at a jewelry shop display went viral .
The Geminid meteor shower peaks this week , so hope for clear skies that will let you see a beautiful show of green fireballs on Thursday and Friday .	This will be the last -- and strongest -- meteor shower of the year , according to NASA .
Rep. Maxine Waters pushed back against President Donald Trump on Monday , saying she was n't calling for people to `` harm '' his supporters , as he tweeted earlier in the day , but to publicly protest his Cabinet members .
President Obama 's recess appointments to a federal agency -- made without Senate confirmation -- will be reviewed by the Supreme Court , a test of executive power .
Rep. Paul Ryan said he would run for speaker -- under certain conditions .	A few are political , but one is personal .	Ryan said he would not sacrifice the time he spends with his family .
These four McDonald 's workers shared their monthly budgets to show how their spending stacks up to the controversial McDonald 's sample .
Donald Trump did more than win his second easy victory in consecutive presidential primaries in South Carolina on Saturday .
A U.S.-based domain name provider shut down WikiLeaks early Friday , but the controversial website announced hours later that it had employed a company in Switzerland and was back up .
Republican Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith was expected to coast to victory in a Mississippi runoff that would conclude the last Senate race of 2018 's midterm elections .
First lady Melania Trump said that she has `` much more important things '' to focus on than the alleged infidelities of her husband , President Donald Trump .
Supreme Court ideological opposites Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Antonin Scalia , came together for a discussion on constitutional issues Thursday night , but their camaraderie and escapades stole the show .
A couple was arrested after police discovered that their 13 children had been held captive in their California home in filthy conditions , some shackled to beds with chains and padlocks , officials said Monday .
CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Ingrid Formanek reporting from Tripoli , Libya - TRIPOLI , Libya ( CNN ) --	A potent stash of Russian-made surface-to-air missiles is missing from a huge Tripoli weapons warehouse amid reports of weapons looting across war-torn Libya .
Authorities have closed the investigation into the death of a young Chicago woman whose body was found in a hotel 's walk-in freezer , saying it was accidental	and there was no reason to suspect foul play .
Storms packing high winds and possible tornadoes hit the Northeast , leaving thousands without power , the National Weather Service said .
A day after Super Typhoon Haiyan roared into the Philippines , officials found more than 100 bodies strewn on the streets of one coastal city .
Singer Ariana Grande has spoken of suffering post-traumatic stress disorder after last year 's Manchester bombing , in which 22 people were killed at her concert .
Volvo has made a shocking pledge :	By 2020 , no one will be killed or seriously injured in a new Volvo car or SUV .
It 's a tough week for fast-food chains .	Both Quiznos and Sbarro have filed for bankruptcy protection .
The Jamaican songwriter claims that the song `` We Ca n't Stop '' inappropriately uses his lyrics .
A man berated employees and customers for speaking Spanish in a New York restaurant , describing them as undocumented and threatening to call immigration officials , in a video that 's gone viral .
An international operation led by U.S. immigration officials aimed at child pornography and sexual abuse has led to the arrest of 245 .
An attack on Ohio State University 's Columbus campus ended in less than two minutes with the person responsible dead and 11 people injured , officials said .
Brazilian police worked for five months to track down a fugitive American pastor accused of dozens of sexual assaults in Minnesota .
Crowds across Asia were treated to stunning views of a total solar eclipse on Wednesday morning .
The death toll from the devastating earthquake that struck Nepal last weekend is expected to climb `` much higher , '' a Nepali government minister said Sunday .
On November 2 , 2017 , the unthinkable happened : President Donald Trump 's Twitter feed went down .
A truck driver has been charged in connection with the wreck on the New Jersey Turnpike that left actor Tracy Morgan in critical condition and another man dead .
The nation 's airports have suffered more than 25,000 security breaches since November 2001 , according to a House committee , citing information it says it received from the Transportation Security Administration .
The sales manager of a Massachusetts car dealership has apologized `` for the actions '' of employees caught on camera	`` belittling '' a delivery driver .
John Edwards ' defense team rested its case Wednesday in his corruption trial .	No more witnesses will be called and closing arguments are scheduled to begin tomorrow .	Jury deliberations will likely begin on Friday .	The former U.S. senator 's trial is under way in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Fox News host Eric Bolling is leaving the network on the heels of a report that he had sent lewd text messages to female colleagues .
If `` diplomatic dance '' were an event at the Winter Olympics , Kim Jong Un 's younger sister would be favored to win gold .
Hawaii 's governor signed an emergency proclamation to address the fact	Hawaii has the highest per capita rate of homelessness of any U.S. state .
Jordan has struck hard at ISIS targets in Syria to avenge the death of one of its pilots .	But did it end up killing an American hostage in the process ?
The U.S. Attorney 's office for the District of Columbia will not pursue charges against the man who flew a drone onto the White House grounds in January , according to a government official .
More than eight months after Vanessa Marcotte was killed while out for a run , officials in Massachusetts announced the arrest of a man in her death Saturday .
In the final months of the 2016 campaign , longtime Donald Trump associate Roger Stone repeatedly discussed his backchannel communications with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and claimed knowledge of forthcoming leaks from the group , a CNN KFile review of his public statements shows .
A woman and her four grandchildren died after being swept away by floodwaters in eastern Texas on Saturday morning , police said , as heavy rains threatened more flash-flooding in the storm-weary Houston area and other parts of the South .
The family of a former Florida A & M football player fatally shot by police in Charlotte , North Carolina , will announce that they have filed a lawsuit .
Rick Santorum easily won the Kansas caucuses , but Mitt Romney 's campaign said their candidate won more delegates over the weekend .
President Donald Trump touched down in Japan late Saturday ahead of a 13-day trek through Asia that he hopes will divert from a bruising political controversy back home .
Race , sexuality and gender are the live-wire topics that inspired Dictionary.com to pick `` identity '' as its word of the year for 2015 .
Vladimir Putin has offered to provide a transcript of a controversial Oval Office meeting between Donald Trump and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov .
Expectations for Netflix 's third quarter could n't have been higher , but the company still managed to wow Wall Street .
Comey :	Classified Clinton emails forwarded to Anthony Weiner
Hillary Clinton , while being confronted Thursday by a climate activist about accepting donations from the fossil fuel industry , angrily accused Bernie Sanders ' campaign of `` lying '' about her .
Protesters chanted and threw rocks at Chicago police Saturday night after an officer shot dead a man in the city 's South Side hours earlier , authorities said .
At least 14 people were arrested on Sunday amid competing protests in Portland , Oregon , over a tangled web of emotions from a deadly commuter train stabbing .
The Baltimore school system 's top cop and two other officers have been placed on administrative leave after the release of a cell phone video showing one of the officers slapping and kicking a young man , officials said Wednesday .
Spartanburg , South Carolina ( CNN ) -- Michele Bachmann accused CBS News of 'media bias ' Saturday night after her campaign was included on an email chain that suggested she would get fewer questions than other candidates in a debate co-sponsored by the network and National Journal .
By Barbara Starr Just days before he leaves office , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is recommending military pay be limited , effectively decreasing troop salaries next year .	Panetta will recommend to Congress that military salaries be limited to a 1 % increase in 2014 .
A woman was allegedly raped by police officers in Tunisia , and then charged with public indecency when she filed a complaint
Entertainer Barry Manilow halted his tour after complications from surgery , in the midst of what 's been described as his final concert tour .
Russia is already paying a heavy price for intervening in Ukraine , Western officials said Thursday .
A former surgical tech indicted on charges of stealing pain medication by swapping syringes at a hospital near Denver has tested positive for HIV .
Charles Smith says the former NBA players who went to North Korea for a basketball diplomacy trip , led by Dennis Rodman , were n't paid by the repressive regime .
Sen. Bernie Sanders denounced a web ad recently put out by President Donald Trump 's reelection campaign , which called Democrats `` complicit in every murder committed by illegal immigrants . ''
Joe Biden is turning to a pair of President Barack Obama 's most trusted advisers as he deepens his examination of how to mount a successful 2016 bid .
South Korea 's air force has staged a live-fire drill simulating the destruction of North Korea 's leadership , hours after Pyongyang launched a missile over Japan .
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and Rep. Bill Posey , a Republican from Florida , exchanged sharp words at a congressional hearing over a bill that Fed leaders say what infringe on its independence .
For a Pope often seen as calm and collected , the look on his face after a mishap at a stadium in Mexico came as a stunner .
`` Fearless Girl '' will be moved from Bowling Green Park to her `` long-term '' home by the end of the year .
Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee are raising concerns about allegations involving Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson
In Colorado , more rain is forecast through Sunday on top of the 15 inches some areas have already received .
Bernie Sanders defeated Hillary Clinton in West Virginia Tuesday night , keeping his long-shot bid to win the Democratic presidential nomination alive for now .
House Speaker Paul Ryan called allegations leveled against Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore `` credible '' and that he should step aside .
Salah Abdeslam has been captured alive in Molenbeek , Belgium , Belgium 's PM said .	He 's alleged to have taken part in the November 13 terror attacks in Paris .
How did a couple of inches of snow paralyze Atlanta ?	There 's no easy answer for who 's to blame .	Rather , it was a perfect storm of factors that created gridlock .
Searchers struggling with rugged , densely forested terrain to reach debris that 's believed to be	Trigana Air crash gave up Monday due to bad weather .
A 23-year-old Walmart shopper is accused of making fraudulent returns at more than 1,000 of the chain 's stores across the country .
As investigators search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , big questions remain even after several major developments over the weekend .
A line began to form at the Apple Store here on the eve of the iPhone 4S release , as is often the case around the world during the company 's product launches .
Obama will consult with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on Monday as he prepares to unveil executive actions aimed at restricting the sales of firearms .
Monica Lewinsky says her new mission in life is to end cyberbullying as the former White House intern steps into the public eye .
A majority of Americans are dissatisfied or angry with President Barack Obama 's administration and GOP leaders , according to exit polls analyzed by CNN .
Madonna has worn her Catholic upbringing on her sleeve since the very beginning of her career .
The United States said Monday that Iran is continuing to comply with the terms of the nuclear deal that curbed Iran 's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief .
Did Timmothy Pitzen 's mother pass him off to someone willing to raise him ?	Or did she kill her young son and dispose of the body before taking her own life ?
Back on campus 48 years later , Hillary Clinton did n't hold back .
Education Secretary Arne Duncan has ignited a storm of protest by noting opposition from `` white suburban moms '' to one of his prized educational initiatives .
Birth defects linked to the mosquito-borne virus called Zika leads to a warning for would-be parents in Brazil .
A new report published in The Lancet Global Health medical journal claims to have discovered what 's behind a devastating disease affecting children in the town of Muzaffarpur in Bihar , India .
There is a gaping hole in this story : A sinkhole has appeared steps from the entrance to the White House briefing room .
The WHO has doubled its recommendation for the time couples should abstain or use safe sex after travel to Zika-affected areas , from four to eight weeks .
House Speaker John Boehner ripped a reporter Thursday for questioning him about Democrats ' efforts to tie Amtrak funding to Tuesday 's deadly train crash .
President Donald Trump dumped chief strategist Steve Bannon on Friday , ending weeks of speculation that just such a dismissal was in the works .
A Dallas police officer was arrested Sunday in connection with the shooting death of Botham Shem Jean , the Texas Rangers said .
Carnival Cruise Lines will fly all passengers on one of its cruises back to Florida after the ship suffered a generator failure while docked in the Caribbean .
Lee Min-bok did n't laugh once when he watched `` The Interview , '' but the North Korean defector sends thousands of copies to North Korea in balloons .
Sixteen US Postal Service workers got sentences of between three to nine years in federal prison for accepting bribes to deliver cocaine on their routes in Atlanta .
The North Korean military issued a fresh burst of ominous rhetoric Thursday , warning that U.S. bases in Guam and Japan are within its `` striking range . ''
Arthur is expected to strengthen into a hurricane then churn up the East Coast , possibly impacting people 's Independence Day festivities .
Boko Haram militants handed over 21 Chibok schoolgirls to Nigerian authorities Thursday after a series of negotiations , Nigeria 's government said .
( CNN )	-- Responding to Texas Gov .	Rick Perry 's labeling of Social Security as a `` Ponzi scheme , '' Vice President Joe Biden said in a CNN interview the governor needed to check his facts .
Yemen , a rugged , poor country on the southern Arabian Peninsula , is emerging as a key theater in the international fight against terrorism .
Colorado shooting suspect James Holmes was a patient of a University of Colorado psychiatrist before last week 's attack .
Rogelio Martinez , a Border Patrol agent , died Sunday morning from injuries he suffered while on patrol in southwest Texas , the US Customs and Border Protection said .
This may sound like a legal conundrum , but it 's not :	Zimmerman has been acquitted but could still get convicted .
A man in Arizona died after being stung by bees more than an estimated 100 times .
Updated	11:06 a.m . ET , 12/11/2013 ( CNN )	- Nelson Mandela 's memorial service Tuesday was supposed to be a once-in-a-lifetime event where dozens of world leaders join thousands of South Africans in a massive stadium , all to honor the anti-apartheid icon .
A New York state trooper was shot dead Sunday night while responding to a domestic dispute in Jefferson County .
( CNN )	-- Former President Bill Clinton has finally joined Twitter .	His name ? @ PrezBillyJeff .	True story .	He was Twitter ambushed , so to speak .	Appearing in an interview with Stephen Colbert , the satirist and comedy show host urged the former president to hop on the Twitter bandwagon .
Tia Coleman 's thoughts as she struggled to swim to the surface of the lake were focused on her family .
Thousands of unionized hotel and casino workers in Las Vegas are ready to go on strike for the first time in more than three decades .
( CNN )	- The Orlando Sentinel announced Thursday their endorsement of Republican nominee Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential race .	The Florida newspaper cited `` anemic '' economic growth and a growing poverty rate as reasons to throw their support behind the GOP candidate as opposed to President Bar ...
New violence flared Monday night in Ferguson , Missouri , hours after federal investigators open an inquiry into the death of a teenager shot by police .
Sunday morning , mayor Sylvester Turner defended the decision to not put the city under an evacuation order before it was flooded by torrential rain from Hurricane Harvey .
Thousands of miles from a shooting in France , Jewish and municipal leaders voiced concerns and vowed to bolster protections .
Abortion rates in the United States have dropped to their lowest level in 10 years , according to a new report form the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Local communities almost always pull together on the ground after natural disasters like the torrential flooding that has submerged Houston .
Bill Shine and Sarah Sanders told Collins she was `` dis-invited from the press availability in the Rose Garden today . ''
Officials in the potential path of a still fierce Hurricane Florence had a stern , clear message for people still in coastal towns under evacuation orders .
A California state panel on Wednesday denied parole for Sirhan B. Sirhan , saying the convicted assassin of Robert F. Kennedy has n't demonstrated an understanding of the `` magnitude '' of his crimes .
The FDA put Janssen Pharmaceutical 's drug esketamine on the fast track to approval for treating depression , but will its street drug reputation drag it down ?
One of the Republican senators on the Judiciary Committee listening to the testimony of Christine Blasey Ford	told reporters Thursday that the woman who accused Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault is `` an attractive , good witness . ''
On Friday , the feud between Ted Cruz and America 's largest city escalated when the New York Daily News told Cruz on the front page of the paper : `` Drop dead , Ted . ''
World reaction poured in early Monday after President Barack Obama 's announcement that terror leader Osama bin Laden was killed in Pakistan .	The United States put its diplomatic facilities around the world on high alert and issued a global travel warning for Americans .
There are two reasons why President Donald Trump fired James Comey , according to a source close to the now-former FBI director :
Adults and children dressed as superheros turned visitation for 6-year-old Jacob Hall into a celebration of his life .
This story appears in the June 6 edition of Sports Illustrated .	To purchase a digital version of the magazine , go here .
By Paul Cruickshank CNN Terrorism Analyst There may be a link between what sources tell CNN is evidence of final-stage planning for an attack against U .
The Office of Special Counsel sent a scathing letter to the White House on the VA .	It found two veterans in a psychiatric facility languished for years .
An Australian man has won the raffle of a lifetime , taking home an entire Pacific island resort for the price of a $ 49 ticket .
Jerry Sandusky is likely to spend the rest of his life in prison , after a judge sentenced him to at least 30 years in prison for sexually abusing boys .
Donald Trump , after hearing speeches at the Democratic convention this week , said Thursday he wanted to `` hit a number of those speakers so hard , their heads would spin . ''
The American Bar Association is calling on the Senate Judiciary Committee to halt the consideration of President Donald Trump 's Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh until an FBI investigation is completed into the sexual assault allegations that have roiled his nomination .
Five Democratic presidential candidates are about to try their luck at the first Democratic debate of the 2016 election in Las Vegas on Tuesday night .
Some of Syria 's most powerful rebel brigades have rejected a Western-backed opposition group that announced the creation of an interim government in exile .
The United States is expecting North Korea to return the first group of possible US service member remains on July 27 , according to a US official .
Ted Cruz is creating a wedge with Donald Trump on the controversial bathroom bill in North Carolina , an attempt to paint the Republican presidential front-runner as being politically correct .
Former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney was treated for prostate cancer over the summer , a source close to Romney told CNN Monday .
Authorities including bomb experts searched a Boston-area apartment after the marathon bombings .
The U.S. government thinks Jakiw Palij was a guard at a Nazi concentration camp , but the 92-year-old is quietly living out his last years not in prison -- confined by old age to a second-story apartment in a modest red-brick duplex in one of the most diverse sections of New York City .
President Donald Trump ruled out the Korean Demilitarized Zone as the site of his upcoming talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , despite previously suggesting it would provide a fitting backdrop .
Winners of the Illinois lottery are forced to pay the waiting game if they won more than $ 25,000 .
The company is trying to stop burning so much cash .
President Donald Trump says he plans to release the Democratic rebuttal to the Republican intelligence memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority .
State media reports North Korea has added the hydrogen bomb to its arsenal , a development that , if true , would represent an upgrade to its nuclear capabilities .
Three days after Hurricane Irene ripped through Connecticut , reports say that about 400,000 people are still without power .	Water has just crested this morning from massive flooding that rendered about one thousand roads impassable .
In a gesture toward the romance of Valentine 's Day , Pope Francis on Friday gave his advice on how to have a happy marriage before thousands of engaged couples .
12 people were killed and at least eight were injured in shooting at Washington Navy Yard , authorities say The shooter , Aaron Alexis , 34 , was killed in confrontation with security	Alexis was information-technology contractor and former full-time Navy reservist who lived in Texas Live update ...
( CNN )	-- Democratic Strategist Hilary Rosen generated instant bipartisan criticism Wednesday night for her statement that Ann Romney has `` actually never worked a day in her life . ''	The reaction on Twitter from high level politicos was instant and virtually unanimous : Rosen had gone too far .
Severe weather in the central Plains States has the potential to make tragic headlines this weekend , with Tornado Alley particularly threatened .
The number of deaths from overdoses of illicit opioids rose sharply again in 2015 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Thursday .
Two U.S. airmen and a Japanese surfer remained missing Monday after a powerful typhoon swept past the southern part of the country .
'First Man ' review : Damien Chazelle 's look at Neil Armstrong and the moon landing soars , in a 'La La Land ' reunion with star Ryan Gosling as the stoic astronaut
Rex Tillerson , the leading candidate to become Trump 's Secretary of State , has close ties to Russia that go back many years .	His relationship with Russia even helped land Tillerson the top job as Exxon CEO .
Personal data of an estimated 18 million employees was compromised by a recent hack of the U.S. government - four times what the agency has acknowledged .
President Donald Trump touted progress as top House Republicans may be nearing a significant breakthrough on efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare , one month after a Republican health care bill was pulled from the House floor .
Ford scraps plans to build a new plant in Mexico .	It will invest $ 700 million in Michigan instead , creating 700 U.S. jobs .
Government military forces fired indiscriminately Monday from helicopters on a town on the outskirts of Jabal Al-Zawiyaan activist says .
New Zealand 's North and South Islands are moving closer together after a series of earthquakes in 2016 that lifted the sea floor , the country 's geology body has said .
As night fell Monday , emergency officials in Texas continued fielding calls from stranded residents , rescuing thousands from Harvey 's floodwaters .
As far as fans are concerned , `` Gravity '' is out of this world .	But some in the science community have taken exception to some of the facts presented .
There are no winners in Thursday 's release of the 500-page Justice Department inspector general report on the FBI 's actions during the 2016 election .
Theranos said it 's under scrutiny from the Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Northern District of California .
A drone strike targeting a convoy killed eight people in central Yemen early Thursday , including four with links to al Qaeda , local security officials said .
The shooter who attacked a GOP baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia , last week carried a list with the names of six members of Congress , the FBI said Wednesday , adding that the incident had no connection to terrorism and the shooter acted alone .
Vice President Joe Biden has been the source of many social media moments .	Internet users dubbed finger-guns his trademark salute , he 's had more than one on camera Freudian slip , and his Senate swearing-ins are always must-see .	He 's a meme-able veep for the Twitter generation .
The suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings is in custody , police say .
New information has emerged from an intelligence operation about the possibility of an attack being planned in or near London , with subway stations and airports of particular concern to officials , a British security source told CNN Thursday .
A storm system that produced a number of tornadoes in the Midwest was blamed for at least seven deaths in two states , officials said .
By Eric Marrapodi and Daniel Burke , CNN Belief Blog Co-Editors ( CNN ) -- Pope Francis said the church has the right to express its opinions but not to `` interfere spiritually '' in the lives of gays and lesbians , expanding on explosive comments he made in July about not judging homosexuals .
Two top Republicans on the House Benghazi Committee blasted Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration Tuesday for `` a tragic failure of leadership '' in the run-up to the deaths of four Americans in the U.S. outpost in Libya in 2012 .
`` Clueless '' star and former Fox News commentator	Stacey Dash is withdrawing her congressional bid , a representative for the actress confirmed to CNN Friday .
The US ambassador to the United Nations offered a strong condemnation of Russia in her first appearance at the UN Security Council on Thursday , calling on Moscow to de-escalate violence in eastern Ukraine and saying that US sanctions against Moscow would remain in place until it withdraws from Crimea .
An anti-Robert Mueller , anti-FBI fervor is intensifying among Trump supporters -- partly thanks to a campaign by Fox News and other conservative media sources .
President Donald Trump 's eldest son said the platform of the Democratic Party is similar to that of the Nazi Party in Germany during the early 1930s and that history classes are biased against conservatives .
Vice President Joe Biden is privately leaving the impression with some political allies that he is leaning toward running
The CDC confirmed eight cases of Seoul virus infections among employees at rat-breeding facilities in Illinois and Wisconsin caused by pet rats .
An American man died last weekend in Syria while fighting for ISIS , the latest evidence of the reach of the terror group .
Ben Carson 's presidential campaign manager Barry Bennett , deputy campaign manager Lisa Coen and communications director Doug Watts all resigned Thursday
Iran unveiled the first long-range military drone manufactured in the country on Sunday , state media reported .
Two days after CNN first reported that five women said `` Game Change '' co-author and journalist Mark Halperin sexually harassed them during his time at ABC News , the number of accusers has grown to at least a dozen women .
New York emergency crews rescued two workers who were trapped in a window-washing rig dangling perilously at One World Trade Center .
The iPad Pro , Apple 's long-rumored giant iPad , could be the most important thing Apple announces on Wednesday .
Delilah Matrese 's mother claims no other members of the faculty or students joined her daughter in the walkout
The cardiac arrest leading to Joan Rivers ' death happened as the comedian 's doctor performed a biopsy on her vocal cords , a source told CNN .
A plane carrying an Ebola patient is expected to arrive in Georgia on Saturday to bring home one of two Americans battling the highly infectious disease .
President Barack Obama signed a bill that ends the 16-day partial government shutdown and raises the debt ceiling , the White House said early Thursday morning .
'Mission :	Impossible - Fallout ' review :	Tom Cruise 's sixth mission employs a full-throttle pace , building on previous outings in Paramount action series
House Intelligence Committee ranking member Adam Schiff is accusing chairman Devin Nunes of sending a different version of the memo alleging FBI surveillance abuses to the White House than what the committee approved .
Colorado State University said the two Native American brothers were also on the campus tour .
The man who gunned down nine people at an Oregon community college was enrolled in the class where the fatal shootings occurred , Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin said in a news release .
Peter Bergen writes that the disappearance of Jamal Khashoggi , a prominent Saudi dissident and writer , has been blamed on the increasingly totalitarian regime in his country and the Saudis have n't been able to offer a convincing explanation of what happened .
Chelsea Manning 's lawyers and family say they are being kept in the dark about her condition after the former U.S. Army soldier was hospitalized Tuesday .
As the Senate prepares to vote this week on Neil Gorsuch 's nomination , it 's unclear yet whether Republicans will have enough votes to end an expected Democratic filibuster .
Hillary Clinton holds commanding leads over Donald Trump in a trio of states that the GOP nominee has made central to his White House bid , according to polls released Thursday following both party 's national conventions last month .
The U.S. Secret Service is planning to boost its presence around the White House after an Iraq war veteran apparently suffering from PTSD jumped a fence .
Anisakiasis , an illness caused by eating fish or seafood contaminated with parasites , is on the rise in Western countries as eating sushi gains popularity , researchers say .
Brett Kavanaugh emerged from two days of tough questioning in the Senate Judiciary Committee without making any obvious missteps that could imperil his confirmation as the justice who will pull the Supreme Court to the right and hand Donald Trump a generational presidential legacy .
In a 6-3 ruling , the Supreme Court said the streaming television startup Aereo violates the Copyright Act .
Vester Flanagan , who police say killed two Virginia journalists while they were on air , died at a hospital of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , a sheriff says .	Flanagan had used the on-air name Bryce Williams .
Dylann Roof heard words of forgiveness from families of some of the nine people he 's accused of killing .	His response : A blank expression .
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has been identified by Canadian officials to their American counterparts as the suspected gunman in Wednesday 's Ottawa shootings .
Ninety-four out of 97 Detroit Public Schools are closed Monday because teachers called in sick , a district spokeswoman said .
Almost a year to the day since her rescue , Michelle Knight tells CNN how Ariel Castro lured her into his home where she and two other women were held for years .
Four years ago Liu Wen entered a modeling contest in China to win a computer to use for school .	Little did she know it would lead her to the Victoria 's Secret runway in New York .
A Special Court in Pakistan has charged former military ruler Pervez Musharraf with high treason -- a crime that carries the death penalty or life imprisonment .
Police arrested a father after the deaths of his toddler twin daughters who were left in a hot car in western Georgia , authorities say .
A powerful storm system rumbled through Mississippi and other parts of the Southeast on Thursday , spawning a tornado that killed one person and injured others .
Lily , a Muppet on `` Sesame Street , '' has been given a storyline about homelessness in new online videos and resources to raise awareness around youth homelessness .	She is the first Muppet to be portrayed as homeless .
Bretagne , believed to be the last surviving 9/11 Ground Zero search dog , was euthanized Monday .	The golden retriever was 16 .	Old age had slowed her down .
Army Sgt .	Bowe Bergdahl is on a flight from Europe and is scheduled to arrive in San Antonio , Texas , within hours .
Israeli security forces say they have broken up a wide-ranging terror plot , which would have included attacks on a football stadium and car bombings .
President-elect Donald Trump had said he would hold a news conference on Thursday to announce his plans to uncouple himself from his businesses .
If Ivanka Trump is `` complicit , '' as critics and even a `` Saturday Night Live '' perfume sketch allege , she 's not concerned .
The US is going to provide lethal anti-tank weapons to Ukraine to help it fight off separatists which have the backing of Russia , a senior State Department official told CNN .
Sen. John McCain slams President Barack Obama over his comments that U.S. intelligence underestimated ISIS .
CBS has established its criteria for who will make the stage at its debate next Saturday and Chris Christie and Carly Fiorina may not make the cut .
The family of slain Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich filed a lawsuit on Tuesday against Fox News , one of the network 's reporters , and a wealthy Texas businessman over their roles in the publication of a baseless conspiracy theory about Rich 's 2016 death .
Jeb Bush 's campaign is drastically shifting its resources from the airwaves to the field , scrapping large advertising buys in early-voting states in hopes of reviving his floundering bid for the presidency .
Kristen Piatkowski and Tucker Gladhill got a big surprise at their wedding reception late Saturday night : a visit from President Donald Trump .
In the wake the CNBC debate , several Republican presidential campaigns are meeting Sunday to wrest control of the debate process from the RNC .
President Obama unveiled a $ 3.8 trillion budget request Monday that hikes taxes on the rich , spends new money on infrastructure and education , but does little to reform the entitlement programs that pose the biggest long-term threat to the federal budget .
Politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have criticized the US Ambassador for telling Breitbart that he wants to `` empower '' European conservatives .
Former North Korea detainee Otto Warmbier said said they found no evidence to support the regime 's explanation of botulism based on his condition .
Explosive new allegations surfaced about embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford in court documents released Wednesday .
`` Whitey ''	Bulger 's ex-girlfriend , Catherine Greig , faces a fresh indictment .	She 's accused failing to provide information on anyone who helped harbor Bulger .
A monument of the Ten Commandments will remain on statehouse grounds while Oklahoma appeals a state Supreme Court decision ordering it taken down .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has become the latest top business leader to distance himself from the Saudi government as it faces mounting questions over its role in the disappearance of journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Charlie Gard , the terminally ill baby at the center of a bitter legal battle , will be transferred to a hospice and have his life support treatment withdrawn , UK judge orders .
President Trump again forged his own path Saturday , hosting a campaign-style rally in Pennsylvania instead of attending the White House Correspondents ' dinner in Washington .
Saudi Arabia applied huge pressure on U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki Moon to be removed from a blacklist for killing children in Yemen , a U.N. official tells CNN .
Burger King 's new ad attempts to explain net neutrality .	Some people loved it , others not so much .
Public schools across West Virginia will remain closed through Monday as teachers and other school employees hit the picket lines , demanding higher wages and better benefits .
Harvard senior co-captains Kyle Casey and Brandyn Curry are expected to miss the entire 2012-13 season after being accused in a widespread academic cheating scandal , sources told SI.com .	Before Harvard 's fall enrollment deadline closed Wednesday -- after a one-day extension by the college due to a website error -- the two stars withdrew from school in an attempt to preserve their final year of eligibility .
Greenville , South Carolina ( CNN ) --	A new national poll indicates the race for the Republican presidential nomination remains wide-open , with none of the probable or potential GOP White House contenders above 20 percent , according to a new national poll .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Attorneys for the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and for the Justice Department told a federal judge in Washington Tuesday they have begun settlement talks on the lawsuit which seeks to force Attorney General Eric Holder to give the committee certain documents re ...
President Donald Trump said Tuesday he would beat Oprah Winfrey in a potential 2020 presidential match-up , though he does n't think she will end up running .
If you did n't grow up listening to Billy Graham 's Sunday radio show or watching his TV show -- you might not know the ubiquitous Christian televangelist from the WWE wrestler .
The longest-cryopreserved human embryo to result in a successful birth was conceived and frozen in 1992 and born last month .
Some noise machines may be too loud for babies and could potentially damage their hearing , a new study suggests .
Donald Trump said Saturday that had teachers been armed at Umpqua Community College in Roseburg , Oregon ,	the deadly shooting there this week would not have been as tragic .
France is taunting the US on the Paris Agreement -- again .
A new intelligence report shared with law enforcement warns of ISIS ' ability to create passports utilizing seized Syrian government assets .
Brock Turner , a former Stanford University swimmer , has been released from jail after serving three months of a six-month sentence for sexual assault .
Two Russian TU-95 Bear bombers were intercepted in international airspace off the coast of Alaska by two US F-22 Raptor fighter aircraft on Monday , the Pentagon confirmed to CNN .
Kentucky Gov .	Matt Bevin says children were left vulnerable to harm , sexual assault and drugs as a result of public school closures throughout the state Friday to allow teachers and supporters to protest at the state 's Capitol .
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz said the company will start donating all of its unused food .
French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen canceled a meeting with Lebanon 's Grand Mufti Tuesday after refusing to wear a headscarf .
President Trump speaks at the UN General Assembly in New York as his Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh faces sexual assault allegations .	Follow here for the latest .
Recreation marijuana went legal in Oregon , but what does that mean , exactly ?
Matt Drudge of The Drudge Report spoke with Alex Jones Tuesday , lashing out at Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media .
CNN projects Mitt Romney will win all three of Tuesday 's Republican presidential primaries
The European Court of Human Rights ruled that a hospital can withdraw life support for a sick baby , Charlie Gard , whose parents want to bring him to the US for experimental treatment .
Rapper Lil Wayne has been released from a Los Angeles hospital where he was taken after suffering a seizure
Gold Star father and Donald Trump critic Khizr Khan is voicing his opposition to the President-elect 's attorney general nominee , Sen. Jeff Sessions .
The grenade assault on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi Tuesday was originally thought to have been sparked by rage over an anti-Muslim film made in the U.S .	But U .
US intelligence believes ISIS is bringing together all of its experts on chemical weapons from Iraq and Syria into a new `` chemical weapons cell , '' according to a US official .
The US Office of Special Counsel said White House aide Kellyanne Conway violated the Hatch Act in two interviews related to year 's Alabama special election
The United Nations will investigate claims by the government and rebels that either side used chemical weapons against each other in the Syrian conflict .
In another move that could possibly disrupt the world of retail , Amazon is buying PillPack -- a pharmacy that delivers medications to the home .
Scooter rental startup Bird Rides is now valued at $ 2 billion after a recent $ 300 million funding round
The U.S. Justice Department said Tuesday they will not bring civil rights charges against George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin .
David Ogden Stiers , known for his role as Major Charles Emerson Winchester III in the TV comedy series `` M	* A	* S * H , '' died Saturday , the agency representing him said .
Wisconsin health officials are warning residents about an outbreak of Elizabethkingia , a rare blood infection that has sickened dozens .
One day after a rockfall killed a British tourist on El Capitan , another rattled Yosemite National Park 's famous rock climbing destination on Thursday , injuring one man .
Melissa Howard , a Florida state house candidate , told CNN on Tuesday that she has suspended her campaign .
President Donald Trump appears poised to ignore his own calls for Americans to mark Martin Luther King Jr. Day with `` acts of civic work and community service . ''
Just hours after Julie Mott 's relatives mourned their loss at her funeral , grief struck once again when the young woman 's body disappeared .
( CNN ) --	Maine 's independent senator-elect announced Wednesday he would caucus with Democrats , giving the party a ten-vote advantage over Republicans in the upper chamber .	Angus King made the announcement Wednesday in the U.S .
President Donald Trump vowed Thursday to roll out a new immigration executive order next week that will be tailored to the federal court decision that paused his travel ban .
ISIS pays its fighters .	But war is expensive .	ISIS soldiers are getting a serious pay cut .
Frazier Glenn Cross , who killed three people at two Kansas Jewish centers last year , was sentenced to death for the crimes Tuesday .
Shares in United Airlines dropped Tuesday as the company scrambled to address a video showing a passenger being forcibly dragged off an overbooked flight .
A 4-year-old boy was shot and killed by his 4-year-old female cousin while they were playing with a gun , Detroit police said .
Las Vegas couple who killed officers viewed law enforcement as oppressors , a sheriff 's department official told reporters Monday .
Authorities searched Tuesday for the weapon a gunman used a day earlier when he killed seven people at a small religious college in Oakland , California .
Authorities say Germanwings Flight 9525 co-pilot Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit doors ; they also note the second black box was found .
Washington ( CNN ) --	As the start of the next presidential campaign nears , a new national poll suggests that President Barack Obama 's tax-cut compromise with congressional Republicans did not hurt his standing among Democrats , while former Alaska Gov .
Donors gave $ 3 million for a scholarship fund in honor of the Rev .	Clementa Pinckney at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston .
Two arrests have been made in the case of a 17-year-old girl who hanged herself after she was allegedly gang-raped and bullied online , Canadian officials said .
Authorities are seeking David Michael Kalac , accused of killing his girlfriend and then posting gruesome pictures of her body online .
NBC spent roughly $ 12 billion to secure the rights to 10 Olympic Games .
A National Transportation Safety Board official said most of the wreckage of the Horizon Air plane that was stolen and crashed in Seattle `` did n't even resemble a plane . ''
President Trump issued an executive order rolling back Obamacare .	Here 's what 's next for the health reform law .
Editor 's note :	The man accused of opening fire in a crowded movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , is set to make his first court appearance Monday , giving the public its first look at the suspect since his arrest in an attack that authorities say was planned months in advance .
China has slammed US President-elect Donald Trump over his use of Twitter to conduct international diplomacy in a commentary published by the country 's official news agency Xinhua .
Danish toy manufacturer Lego Group has just won the title of the biggest toymaker in the world in terms of revenue and profit .
A DNA sample taken from the exhumed remains of former priest A. Joseph Maskell does not match the DNA from the murder scene of Sister Catherine Ann Cesnik , according to Baltimore County Police .
A day after Target announced that forty million of its customers had their credit and debit card data breached , the retailer announced a 10 % weekend discount .
Carmelo Flores Laura and his family say he is 123 years old .	A research organization says he is 107 .	Either way , the government of Bolivia is honoring him .
Washington ( CNN ) -- A new national poll indicates a majority of American voters say they support a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants .
A Washington woman is praising her daily snack for helping her discover a cancerous tumor .
Outgoing President Barack Obama used his farewell address to praise his two daughters as his proudest achievement -- but one was missing .
The Chinese scientist who sparked an international outcry after alleging to have helped create the world 's first genetically edited babies has raised the possibility of a third child being born , after announcing that a separate woman was pregnant at an early stage with a modified embryo .
Flint water crisis :	Newly released emails from aides to Michigan Gov .	Rick Snyder reveal some expressed concerns long before crisis became known .
A few blocks away from the National Mall , a historic building is being transformed to hold thousands of biblical artifacts owned by the president of Hobby Lobby .
Scientists recorded continuing volcanic activity Tuesday in Mexico 's Popocatepetl volcano , which sits just southeast of Mexico City and its 19 million residents .
Donald Trump 's pick for CIA director said Thursday he would not restart the CIA 's use of enhanced interrogation techniques if he were approved for the position .
Former NFL linebacker Junior Seau was arrested on a domestic violence charge in Oceanside , California , shortly after midnight Monday , just hours before he drove his car off a cliff in nearby Carlsbad , authorities said .
Facebook employees will now receive up to 20 days paid leave to grieve the loss of an immediate family member , COO Sheryl Sandberg announced Tuesday .
The neurodegenerative disease chronic traumatic encephalopathy can start early and without any signs of concussion , according a study released Thursday .
A tornado system touched down in portions of Mississippi on Tuesday afternoon , killing at least four people and leaving injuries , damage and power outages .
Captain America # 1 , a new Marvel comic , has a twist that has confused and stunned fans of the all-American hero .
Carly Fiorina said Donald Trump 's comments about Megyn Kelly `` were completely inappropriate and offensive '' and were clearly meant to imply the Fox News host 's tough questions were a result of menstruation .
A 104-year-old Australian scientist who had campaigned for the legalization of assisted dying in his home country has ended his life at a Swiss clinic , a representative from the pro-euthanasia group Exit International said .
French forces who secured the site of a crashed Air Algerie flight in Mali found one flight recorder but no survivors , officials said .
Police surrounded a JetBlue plane at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport Tuesday after a false alarm about a hijack incident was sent .
House Speaker Paul Ryan said he was ready to make some changes and one of his first was removing a portrait of Dennis Hastert in the Speaker 's lobby outside the House floor .
Donald Trump on Saturday offered what his senior campaign aides billed as his `` closing argument '' in the presidential race just 17 days from its conclusion , rehashing his campaign 's key policy planks to give voters a sense of his top priorities as president .
Vice President Joe Biden confirmed Thursday that he and President Barack Obama were briefed last week by intelligence officials on unsubstantiated claims that Russia may have compromising information on President-elect Donald Trump .
John Schnatter will remain chairman of the board .
Violent crime dropped nationwide last year , continuing a downward trend of more than a decade , new FBI statistics show .
The FDA is warning against prescription combination drugs with high amounts of acetaminophen
Police in Spokane , Washington , have arrested a second suspect in last week 's beating death of a WWII vet .
A 5-year-old South Korean girl was killed when a man who jumped from his 11th floor apartment landed on top of her , police said .
It 's Beto O'Rourke 's world , every other Democrat is just living in it .
Former senator and Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum says he believes the Trump administration could be doing well , if only the President would stop doing one thing : Tweeting .
Leaders of the California Democratic Party on Saturday voted to endorse Kevin de León for the US Senate over incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein .
Sen. John McCain 's primary opponent is standing by her criticism one day after she declared that the soon-to-be 80-year-old Arizona Republican is too old to be re-elected .
The tallest building in the west will have a 45-feet-long glass slide that juts from the skyscraper and hovers about 1,000 feet above ground .
Netflix will team up with Leonardo DiCaprio to distribute the documentary `` VIRUNGA , '' about a quest to save endangered mountain gorillas in Africa .
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox is making his position clear on Donald Trump 's pledge to make Mexico pay for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border .
Somebody might wake up Wednesday a whole lot richer after Tuesday night 's $ 636 million Mega Millions jackpot drawing .
Progressive lawmakers and activists are furious over the Senate 's Monday vote to advance legislation to end the government shutdown .
CNNMoney is hearing from former Wells Fargo workers around the country who tried to put a stop to these illegal tactics .	Almost half a dozen workers who spoke with us say they paid dearly for trying to do the right thing : they were fired .
Frank Guisseppe Fuentes González , one of the undocumented migrants found dead in an overheated tractor-trailer , had been a recipient of DACA , officials said .
The Alaskan village of Shishmaref voted this week to surrender to global warming and move its ancestral home .
George Zimmerman is not guilty of the murder of Trayvon Martin , a Florida jury has decided .
President Donald Trump established the commission in May after claiming without evidence that massive voter fraud had cost him the popular vote
The 10 most valuable brands in the world include the usuals like Google , Apple and Microsoft , as well as a new Chinese entrant , Tencent .
China is further fortifying its northern border region , which includes North Korea , amid continued tensions on the Korean Peninsula and concerns over potential US military action against Pyongyang .
Volkswagen sold fewer vehicles in the first six months of the year than a rival alliance anchored by Renault and Nissan .
A report on modern slavery around the world has found that the number of slaves in developed nations , including the United States and United Kingdom , is much higher than previously thought .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions faced tough questions from his former colleagues on the Senate judiciary committee -- forcing him to once again repeatedly deny any improper contacts with the Russia .
President Donald Trump suggested Thursday that Puerto Rico is going to have to shoulder more responsibility for recovery efforts from Hurricane Maria , saying the federal government 's emergency responders ca n't stay there `` forever . ''
China has agreed to return the US underwater drone that it seized in international waters earlier this week , the Pentagon said Saturday .
Former U.S. Army Captain William Swenson became the sixth living recipient from the Iraq and Afghan wars to receive the Medal of Honor on Tuesday .
Yulin 's dog meat festival , where some 10,000 dogs are slaughtered and served up as meals , is often wrongly assumed to be an ancient Chinese tradition .
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner will resign , a city official announced Friday , an action that Filner had long resisted despite harassment claims against him .
President Donald Trump 's first wife Ivana tells British morning show he `` sometimes says things that are silly '' but is `` definitely not racist . ''
Reality Winner , the federal contractor accused of leaking classified information to an online news outlet , posted about leaks and admonished the Trump administration on what appears to be her public Twitter account .
North Korea 's launch of a missile over Japan was a prelude to more military operations directed at the American territory of Guam , North Korean state media warned Wednesday .
Sgt .	Bowe Bergdahl , the American soldier held captive for nearly five years by militants during the Afghanistan war , has been released , the White House said .
Authorities including bomb experts searched a Boston-area apartment after the marathon bombings .
Connie Jones spent nearly a decade living in safe houses and taking different routes to work , waiting for the day her ex-husband -- who police say killed six people -- would try to `` get his revenge . ''
An attorney for the South Carolina officer fired for slamming a student to the ground and tossing her several feet says his client 's actions were `` justified and lawful . ''
Paul Manafort , the former Trump campaign chairman indicted on money laundering and other charges , filed a lawsuit challenging the broad authority of special counsel Robert Mueller and alleging the Justice Department violated the law in appointing Mueller .
Parents are complaining the hot toy is n't hatching .
Hillary Clinton officially announced Monday her post-2016 election plans :	A political organization aimed at funding `` resistance '' groups that are standing up to President Donald Trump .
Washington ( CNN ) - The number two House Republican said Tuesday that he supports beefed up background checks for gun sales , an indication of where potential gun control legislation could be headed on Capitol Hill .	Rep .
A technology executive and five other people are feared dead after a suspicious fire destroyed a mansion in Annapolis , Maryland .
A 12-year-old Chinese girl who went missing from a tour group at an airport outside Washington , DC -- sparking an investigation into a possible kidnapping -- has been found , authorities said Friday .
Sears Holding Company has had its membership in the S & amp ; P 500 revoked .	The ailing retailer , which owns Sears and K-Mart chains as well as apparel brand Land 's End , will exit the index at the close of trading on Tuesday , Sept. 4 , said S & amp ; P late Wednesday .	S & amp ; P said
Jeff Sessions revealed that Utah 's top federal prosecutor , John Huber , has been examining a cluster of Republican-driven accusations against the FBI
An estimated 77 million adults have become so delinquent on their non-mortgage debts that their accounts have been put in collections .	The average amount owed : $ 5,200 .
Iran on Saturday welcomed the rescue of 13 Iranian sailors by a U.S. Navy ship , calling it a `` humanitarian act . ''
Iraq 's government Wednesday indicated a willingness for the United States military to conduct airstrikes against radical Islamist militants .
Ghost Security Group formed after the Charlie Hebdo attacks to gather digital intel on ISIS and send to the authorities .
Author Senan Molony believes pictures hidden in a forgotten album for a century prove that the Titanic was weakened by a smoldering coal fire even before it left on its maiden voyage .
A tranquil town in North Dakota could lose its serenity if one man has his way .
NASA re-establishes contact with STEREO-B spacecraft after communications were lost almost two years ago .
For nine years , Bill Cosby has been accused of sexual assault , but he has said the stories are untrue and has never been prosecuted .
Oakland Fire Chief Teresa Deloach Reed said Thursday that the department 's prevention efforts , have been hampered by years of budget cuts and hiring freezes .
Getting close with your poultry can lead to salmonella .
President Barack Obama will order immigration officers to deport `` felons not families '' as he uses his executive power to make immigration changes .
President Donald Trump has privately floated the idea of funding construction of a border wall with Mexico through the US military budget in conversations with advisers , two sources confirmed to CNN Tuesday .
It looked as if Flint 's housing market was starting to recover in the last two years , but then the water crisis hit .
Watch out Ford & GM .	Fiat Chrysler debuted on the New York Stock Exchange Monday .	The company has the most momentum of Detroit 's Big Three .
President Donald Trump 's longtime aide and current director of Oval Office operations Keith Schiller has told people he intends to leave the White House , three sources familiar with the decision told CNN .
Fewer than four dozen children remained in the running Thursday to be named champion of the annual Scripps National Spelling Bee .
Nigerians staging a daily protest in the capital said Saturday they want the government to do more about the abduction of nearly 300 schoolgirls by Boko Haram .
President Donald Trump said Monday he is willing to meet with Iran 's leadership , without preconditions , `` whenever they want , '' a sharp departure from his threats against the regime last week .
A man who helped repair several homes damaged by Hurricane Harvey floodwaters has died of a flesh-eating bacterial infection , officials say .
Al Michaels , an announcer for NBC 's `` Sunday Night Football , '' was arrested and charged with DUI on Friday night , police in Santa Monica , California , said .
South Korean film legend Choi Eun-hee , who was once abducted and forced to make movies for the North Korean regime , has died .	She was 91 .
America faces a fateful choice : Does it believe Donald Trump or James Comey ?
A 6-day-old Wisconsin baby who vanished from a home early Thursday has been found safe at an Iowa gas station , authorities said Friday .
( CNN ) -- Former Rep. Ron Paul , normally known for his online popularity , drew criticism Monday for asserting a political opinion in a tweet about the Navy SEAL who was killed at a gun range this weekend .
Whitefish CEO Andy Techmanski told CNN in an exclusive interview that repeated requests for agreed payments were not met and there was no choice but to suspend work .
Kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with Thursday 's attack at Garissa University College that left 147 people dead , an official said .
A candidate in Australia 's parliamentary elections referred to Islam as a country .	As a result , she 's now referred to as a former candidate .
Cycling legend Lance Armstrong will pay the United States $ 5 million for using performance-enhancing drugs while the US Postal Service was paying millions to sponsor his team , according to the US Department of Justice .
A Japanese city official has been docked half a day 's pay for repeatedly leaving his desk for a few minutes , sparking a heated debate on social media over the severity of the punishment .
Massive damage but no deaths in explosion at central Florida propane plant .
White House senior adviser Jared Kushner landed in Iraq Monday , his first visit to the country since assuming a broad portfolio of foreign affairs in the Trump presidency .
Anticipating possible political backlash if forced federal spending cuts kick in as expected later this week , the Senate 's No . 2 Republican said Monday that he is preparing a message he plans to hit hard : The cuts are not going to have as negative an impact as the Pentagon and others in the Obama administration are saying .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced Monday he will visit Pearl Harbor in late December with President Barack Obama , 75 years after Japan 's attack on Hawaii in 1941 .
White girls born this year may not live as long , a new study shows .	The news is better for black men and Hispanics .
Donald Trump acknowledged Thursday that he `` could have '' signaled support for invading Iraq during a 2002 interview with Howard Stern .
Air Force One is primed to receive an upgrade that will include new refrigerators expected to cost American taxpayers nearly $ 24 million .
Michael Hirsh , an editor with Politico , has resigned from the company after publishing the home addresses of a white supremacist leader and encouraging people to go to his home .
Dallas police identify the dead suspect in the sniper attack that killed 5 officers as Micah Xavier Johnson , 25 , but could other suspects be on the loose ?
With no air pockets found inside , it appears hopes are fading of finding survivors on sunken South Korean ferry Sewol .
A fire breaks out in Dubai at the high-end Address hotel .	The city 's New Year 's fireworks show went on as scheduled .
Officials will go over the satellite information that led them to the southern Indian Ocean to `` make sure that it 's been accurately interpreted . ''
Source :	Apple Inc. Could Tuesday be the day Apple ( AAPL ) lights up on its billion-dollar server farm in North Carolina , launching its entry
Virginia Rep. Dave Brat has deleted a photo from his Instagram account that pictured the Republican congressman smiling with a constituent holding a sign that read `` Hillary for U.S .	Ambassador to Libya . ''
Donald Trump announced Tuesday he would use a federal anti-terrorism surveillance law as a tool to force Mexico to pay for the border wall he has pledged to build on the U.S. 's southern border .
Floodwaters are receding in parts of southeast Texas , but the situation remains grim in Beaumont as fears grow over flooding from the Neches River .
Cesar Sayoc was charged Friday with five federal crimes and faces up to 48 years in prison in connection to improvised explosive devices sent to prominent Democratic politicians , donors and CNN offices in New York .
The ban has caused outrage among some in the gay community who say they are being stopped from helping after Sunday 's shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando .
As friends read texts indicating his plan to commit suicide by cop , Trepierre Hummons called 911 and waited for police -- then shot one of them to death .
Indiana Republicans overwhelmingly rejected six-term U.S. Sen. Dick Lugar in favor state Treasurer Richard Mourdock in Tuesday 's primary .
Abraham Lincoln , George Washington and Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt are still considered the four best presidents in American history , according to a survey of presidential historians released Friday by C-SPAN .
HBO may have finally landed on a way to give `` Game of Thrones '' fans their fill of Westeros after the show 's final season .
Trump administration lawyers are demanding the private account information of potentially thousands of Facebook users in three separate search warrants served on the social media giant , according to court documents obtained by CNN .
Republicans took voters ' distress over the stubborn jobless rate and stalled economy and turned it into a sweeping takeover of the U.S. House of Representatives in Tuesday 's midterm elections , while Democrats were able to hang onto their majority in the Senate , though in smaller numbers .
An upcoming U.S. visit by Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai could be called off if he continues to make troubling political statements , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday .
In a nod to a more modern approach , the Miss Teen USA pageant is ending the swimsuit portion of its competition .
World 's 50 best restaurants of 2016 :	For the first time , an Italian eatery has claimed the top spot .	It 's Osteria Francescana in northern Italy .
In today 's edition of the `` Good Stuff , '' a Michigan police officer buys a needy mom a booster seat instead of issuing her a ticket .	CNN 's Chris Cuomo reports .	Officer Ben Hall recently made a traffic stop and spotted something that was n't right in the back seat .
President-elect Donald Trump tapped former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as `` counselor to the president , '' the presidential transition team announced Thursday morning .
A massive oil tanker that sank off the coast of China could affect marine life for decades , environmentalists and experts say .
Update :	The Democratic National Committee said late Wednesday that what it had earlier feared was the beginning of a sophisticated attempt to hack into its voter database , was , in fact , an unauthorized `` simulated phishing test . ''	Read the updated story here .
A North Carolina man was arrested in the October 1986 slaying of 15-year-old Tracy Gilpin in a case with personal connections to the leader of the Massachusetts State Police .
President-elect Donald Trump has caused `` astonishment and agitation '' within NATO while also labeling Angela Merkel 's immigrations polices as `` catastrophic '' .
A lawsuit accusing Taylor Swift of stealing another artist 's lyrics for her hit song `` Shake It Off '' was dismissed by a judge Tuesday .
An Atlanta-area dermatologist says the videos were recorded at her patients ' requests to chronicle and celebrate their physical transformations .
Jurors resumed deliberating Thursday morning whether Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should spend the rest of his life in prison or be executed .
Apple said it recovered $ 40 million worth of gold from recycled iPhones , iPads and Macs last year .
A US military member was killed and two others wounded in Somalia when they were attacked while on a mission advising Somali National Army forces , US Africa Command confirmed Friday .
Donald Trump says he disagrees with President Barack Obama on his gun control measures -- but that does n't mean the President 's heart is in the wrong place .
Have you ever answered the phone in the morning to discover it was actually your alarm clock going off , or had a conversation in the middle of the night and woken up the next day with no recollection of it ?	A new study suggests you are not alone .
Warsaw , Poland ( CNN ) -- The traveling press secretary for Mitt Romney lost his cool and cursed at reporters who attempted to ask questions of the Republican presidential candidate in a public plaza near the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw Tuesday .
As investigators piece together a portrait of the dead gunman , questions remain about what set him off and what possibly could have been done to prevent the massacre .
Disappointed Amazon customers turned to Twitter to vent their frustration over what they called `` unhappy Prime Day . ''
When a gunman opened fire at students in a Washington state school cafeteria on Friday , he was not shooting at random targets , his relative said .
Cardi B could face jail time if she does n't show up to a court hearing on Friday .
George Michael produced plenty of chart-topping songs , but he also played a role in creating `` Carpool Karaoke . ''
Wanda Barzee , one of two people who abducted 14-year-old Elizabeth Smart in 2002 and held her captive for nine months , was released from a Utah prison Wednesday .
A typo on some of the tickets issued for President Donald Trump 's first State of the Union address to Congress Tuesday provided invitees a welcome to the `` State of the Uniom . ''
Donald Trump said Thursday he will release a doctor 's report of his health within two weeks and it will show `` perfection . ''
Thousands of strange sea creatures are washing ashore on California beaches , puzzling tourists and thrilling scientists quick to explain the phenomenon .
Super Typhoon Haiyan has made landfall in the Philippines , the country 's weather service reported .
President Donald Trump expressed confidence Thursday that the House-passed health care bill will succeed in the Senate .
Feeding into the alt-right narrative questioning Hillary Clinton 's personal health , Sunday 's near-fainting spell , caught on camera , is more than enough to make her fervent opponents a little lightheaded .
The U.S. government will recognize same-sex marriages as equal to traditional marriages in all federal matters ,
( CNN ) -	Former New Mexico Gov .	Gary Johnson announced his intention to seek the Libertarian nomination for president Wednesday .	Calling his choice `` both a difficult decision-and an easy one , '' in a statement , Johnson decried the Republican presidential nomination process and pledged to bring a `` li ...
NASA scientists are trying to repair the Hubble Space Telescope , which has been placed in `` safe mode '' since Friday after one of the three gyroscopes used to aim and steady the telescope failed .
Ahmad Khan Rahami , the man suspected in the weekend bombings in New York and New Jersey , is now in custody after a shootout with police in Linden , New Jersey , sources said .
The 2012 presidential election shattered spending records , further polarized a divided country and launched a thousand hashtags .
The Iraqi air force struck back at the militant group ISIS , killing more than 200 militants , Iraq state TV says .
Ikea and the Consumer Product Safety Commission have issued an unprecedented recall for more than 25 million dressers known to tip over if they 're not attached to the wall .	The products have been linked to the death of three toddlers .
The father of the slain Muslim US soldier at the center of a controversial feud with Donald Trump said Monday he had no desire to escalate the conflict and that it 's time to `` join hands with good Muslims '' -- even as the Republican candidate attacked him on Twitter during the live interview .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak resigned Friday , relinquishing power after 18 days of protests and three decades of rule in the powerhouse nation of the Arab world .
McDonald 's is hoping a big new breakfast sandwich will help bring in more customers .
According to a university survey , police officers in the US were charged with forcible rape 405 times between 2005 and 2013 .	But many sexual assaults went unreported , experts say .
A former senior aide to Rep. Blake Farenthold has approached the House Ethics Committee to share a damning account of working for the Texas Republican , with the intent of describing the congressman as verbally abusive and sexually demeaning -- and his congressional office as an intensely hostile environment that drove the aide to physical and emotional distress .
Musk , the SpaceX and Tesla founder known for provocative stunts , plugged the new product on social media on Saturday .
British Prime Minister Theresa May told US Republicans Thursday that the United States and the UK must `` stand strong together '' but said that the days of protracted military interventions in foreign countries were over .
They rumble down city boulevards and country roads across Cuba : 1950s Fords , Buicks and Pontiacs , some in mint condition , others on the verge of collapse .
CDC :	Experts worried about flu season this year after mutated strain of virus emerges , not covered by vaccine .
One day after the first buyers picked up their Boring Company flamethrowers , a few have been listed on eBay .
Walmart has partnered with Hostess to sell frozen prepackaged deep fried Twinkies .
Germangwings Flight 9525 co-pilot Andreas Lubitz told a Lufthansa flight training school that he had an `` episode of severe depression , '' the airline said .
( CNN ) --	With 12 days to go until the recall election of Wisconsin Gov .	Scott Walker , two new polls indicate the Republican governor holds a single digit advantage over his Democratic challenger .	According to a St .
Six months after a passenger ferry sank off the coast of South Korea , a victim 's body was discovered inside the wreckage on Tuesday .
The Northeast is bracing for a powerful winter storm , with blizzard and near-blizzard conditions forecast for parts of New York and New England .
The Senate voted Wednesday to pass a measure that would repeal changes to net neutrality rules that were recently adopted by the Republican-controlled Federal Communications Commission .
During a stop for his book tour in Missoula , Montana , Monday night , former Vice President Joe Biden discussed his 2020 prospects , saying he believes that he is the `` most qualified person '' to be president , noting a decision is coming in the next two months , and acknowledging he 's a `` gaffe machine . ''
Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming said Tuesday he regrets using `` a poor choice of words '' when he suggested to students last week that if a man wears a tutu in a bar and ends up getting bullied , then it 's partly the man 's fault because he `` kind of asks for it . ''
All eyes are on Hurricane Irma as it rampages through the Caribbean , but it 's not alone .	Jose and Katia strengthened Wednesday afternoon , bringing the number of hurricanes churning in the Atlantic basin to three .
Think you have the landlord from hell ?	Think again .
The U.S .	Equal Employment Opportunity Commission announced a lawsuit against BMW on Tuesday .
How does a 14-year-old high school student , shot in the face and told he can never play football again , feel about his attacker ?
A flurry of raids and arrests on Wednesday took aim at a terror network associated with the former university student who conducted the deadly bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester days after returning from Libya , officials say .
Former CIA Director David Petraeus tells HLN that his resignation had nothing to do with his scheduled testimony about Benghazi .
A May Day protest in downtown Seattle turned violent Wednesday night .
Russia offered a plan to the United States for a full and immediate move toward normalization -- or a restoration of diplomatic ties -- in the opening weeks of President Donald Trump 's administration , the Kremlin confirmed Wednesday .
President Barack Obama on Friday outlined steps being taken to restore public confidence in U.S. intelligence gathering measures after recent leaks .
A Nevada court judge forcefully denied a request Tuesday from Donald Trump 's campaign to direct a county registrar of voters to preserve and segregate ballots from voting machines in four early voting sites in the Las Vegas area where Latino voters showed up in record numbers .
Congressional staffers plan to walk off their jobs Thursday afternoon to show their support .
Police responded to a domestic dispute call at a movie theater , and Luis Rodriguez ended up dead .	But it had been his wife who slapped their daughter .
A Wisconsin sheriff made a plea Thursday for volunteers help in the search for a missing teenager whose parents were found dead in their home this week .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley issued a rare rebuke Tuesday of two of President Donald Trump 's most controversial judicial nominees , urging the White House to rethink the picks .
The United States deployed 80 members of its armed forces to Chad to help in the search for the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls , the White House said Wednesday .
Sergey Kislyak is the diplomat 's diplomat -- an envoy of extensive experience whose career spans the Soviet era and that of the Russian Federation .
Reviews site Yelp priced its initial public offering at $ 15 a share late Thursday , above the target set by the company .
Under a blazing sun in early June , a group of pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine were digging amid pine woods near the town of Krazny Liman .
The Phi Kappa Psi fraternity at the University of Virginia said Monday that it is moving forward with a possible lawsuit against Rolling Stone magazine in the wake of the now-retracted `` Rape on Campus '' article .
President Donald Trump did not record his conversations with fired FBI Director James Comey , he tweeted on Thursday , ending weeks of speculation kick-started by the President himself .
Former FIFA official Jack Warner scores an own-goal by citing an article by satirical news outlet The Onion in an attempt to defend himself against criminal charges .
Just one point separates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in two states that are critical to both candidates ' chances of becoming president , according to new CNN/ORC polls in Pennsylvania and Colorado .
A Florida police sergeant was fired for possessing several so-called Trayvon Martin shooting targets , authorities said Saturday .
New McDonald 's CEO Steve Easterbrook promised big changes at the struggling fast food giant .	He said the company must make the food better to win back customers .
Jeb Bush said Donald Trump does n't represent the views of most Republicans , offering his most aggressive comments so far on the real estate titan who 's used inflammatory language when talking about immigrants .
A Jewish teenager was arrested Thursday in connection with a series of bomb threats that have rattled Jewish institutions and community centers across the United States and other countries , Israeli police said .
Tropical Storm Andrea packed a wet wallop Thursday in Florida , and prompted flood warnings and watches up the East Coast .
Citigroup agrees to pay $ 4 billion to Justice Dept. , $ 500 million to states and FDIC and $ 2.5 billion to homeowners .
( CNN )	- Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , who has long been an outspoken critic of President Barack Obama , used scathing language in a tweet Saturday to condemn the president 's remarks about the Supreme Court last week .
An autopsy is scheduled Tuesday for a body found near the Northern California site where an SUV plunged off a cliff last month , killing at least five members of a family in what investigators suspect may have been an intentional crash .
The outlook for dozens of short-finned pilot whales stranded in shallow water off Florida 's Everglades National Park `` does not look good , '' wildlife officials said Wednesday .
Two Ukrainian military jets were shot down Wednesday in eastern Ukraine , a Ukrainian military office said .
Dozens of bomb threats have been called in to Jewish Community Centers .	Executives are scrambling and parents are worried .
Levi Strauss CEO Chip Bergh talks sustainability at Fortune 's Brainstorm Green conference in a pair of jeans	he has n't washed in a year .
Contestant Paul Atkinson landed on the elusive million-dollar wedge and lost because he mispronounced `` corner curio cabinet '' !	Atkinson stopped by New Day to discuss and is relatively calm about it :	`` I had never seen that word before .	I 'd never heard it , never seen it written down .
A U.S. Marine has become the 2,000th American to die in Operation Enduring Freedom , the U.S.-led effort that began after 9/11 .
Iran is rolling back parts of its nuclear program and getting relief from sanctions in return as an interim agreement aimed at gauging Tehran 's willingness to curb its nuclear ambitions appears to be working with global powers gearing up for talks on Tuesday to forge a long-term pact .
Iraqi authorities are looking at a video that purportedly shows Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to determine whether it is really the notorious ISIS leader .
Mass shootings have been occurring more frequently in recent years , an FBI study shows , with nearly one incident a month from 2000 to 2013 .
After days of pleading , Josh Hardy 's parents got what they 'd been praying for : a chance to get medicine that could help their son survive .
The former emergency room doctor was on his way to dinner when he noticed a woman in need of medical help
Astronomers have found at least seven Earth-sized planets orbiting the same star 40 light-years away , according to a study published Wednesday in the journal Nature .	The findings were also announced at a news conference at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
Lance Armstrong will give his first TV interview since being stripped of his Tour de France titles to Oprah Winfrey .
The human fetus discovered Tuesday in a plane lavatory at LaGuardia Airport in New York had a gestational age of 5 months , scientists at the city 's Office of Chief Medical Examiner have determined .
Never come between a mother and her children .	Two would-be	Florida carjackers found this out the hard way .
Dakota Access Pipeline :	Sioux tribe request to halt construction work is denied by a judge , but Army and federal officials say they will stop anyway -- for now .
Democrat Michelle Nunn has a slight edge over Republican David Perdue in the Georgia Senate race , according to a new CNN/ORC International survey .
Barbara Bush , a daughter of former President George W. Bush and first lady Laura Bush , attended a Hillary Clinton fundraiser in Paris Saturday night , according a source familiar with the event .
One student was wounded in a school shooting in Southern California , sheriff 's officials said , and another student was taken into custody .
Investigators have shut down a newly-completed , `` highly sophisticated '' drug tunnel running under the border between San Diego and Tijuana , Mexico .
Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein was escorted off the Hofstra University campus Monday after her prearranged media interviews because she did n't have credentials to be there .
Reddit made $ 8.3 million last year and is donating 10 % of that revenue to 10 different charities chosen by its users .
Could France elect Barack Obama president ?	Not really -- but that 's not stopping the organizers of Obama17 , a guerrilla campaign trying to entice the former U.S. president to head to Paris .
Tattoo parlor owners must be salivating .	An assertion in a Minneapolis Star Tribune article that our understanding of the zodiac is off by about a month -- and that therefore people have been identifying themselves with the wrong sign -- caught fire on the internet Thursday , and many folks are in an ...
Federal officials have indicted Dennis Hastert for lying to the FBI about $ 3.5 million he agreed to pay to someone to `` cover up past misconduct . ''
Witnesses to the Laquan McDonald killing were threatened by officers and ordered to change their accounts to match the Chicago police version , attorneys say .
The spread of the plague during the Black Death , killing millions , was fueled by humans , not rodents , as previously believed , a new study has found .
The Weekly Standard , the magazine that espouses traditional conservatism and which has remained deeply critical of President Donald Trump , will shutter after 23 years , its owner Clarity Media Group announced Friday morning .	The magazine will publish its final issue on December 17 .
Sen. Ron Johnson announced he is opposed to the tax bill Wednesday , making him the first member of the GOP to formally come out against the party 's plan , though the Wisconsin Republican said he was hopeful about being able to support a final version once changes are made .
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz had their first fist-fight of the 2016 campaign during Thursday night 's Republican debate .
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo doubled down Saturday on the United States ' support for Saudi Arabia and declined to comment on a CIA assessment that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman was involved in journalist Jamal Khashoggi 's murder .
At least 37 people have died in the severe weather over the past five days , from either tornadoes or flooding brought on by epic rainfall .
Roy Moore , the beleaguered former Senate candidate from Alabama , is asking supporters for donations to help cover his legal expenses .
Democrat Bill de Blasio defeats Republican nominee Joe Lhota in the race for mayor of New York City , CNN projects ;	NJ Gov .	Chris Christie wins another term .
Josh and Sharyn Hakken are in Cuba after allegedly snatching their two boys from their grandmother 's home in Florida .
The FBI has arrested an Ohio man who was allegedly plotting to attack the U.S. Capitol , according to a criminal complaint .
Former `` Miss Universe ''	Alicia Machado said she cried when she heard Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton talk about her during the first presidential debate at Hofstra University Monday .
Four suspects have been charged in the fatal shooting of two Hattiesburg , Mississippi , police officers , investigators say .
The solution to the NFL 's controversy involving players kneeling during the National Anthem was n't difficult , says Terence Moore -- but the owners still got it wrong .
The mother of a child who fell into the gorilla enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo spoke in a steady voice to keep her son calm .	But she could n't contain her fear .
The family of Keith Lamont Scott , after watching two police videos , said they could n't say what was in his hands when he was shot and killed by a Charlotte police officer .
Twitter told CNN on Sunday that the company reviewed the tweet , which features a WWE video that has been edited to show Trump beating up a man with a CNN logo on his face .
White House chief of staff John Kelly sent a lengthy memo to White House staffers Thursday night addressing the allegations made against former White House staffer Rob Porter .
Washington ( CNN ) - `` Reprehensible . ''	`` Irresponsible . ''	`` Hard to stomach . ''	White House senior adviser David Plouffe did not mince words Sunday when talking about the reaction by Republican presidential candidates Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich to President Barack Obama 's comments on the Trayvon Mar ...
There 's White Christmas .	And then there 's Whiteout Christmas .	Erie , Pennsylvania , experienced the latter .
( CNN )	-- Put down that checkbook : Mitt Romney 's formal fund-raiser season is over .	Just over two weeks out from Election Day , the Republican presidential candidate held on Saturday night his final formal fund-raising event , spokesman Rick Gorka said .
Washington ( CNN ) -- As Rick Perry moves closer and closer to a run for the White House , a new national survey indicates that the longtime Texas governor is close to the top of the pack in the hunt for the Republican presidential nomination .
Florida Gov .	Rick Scott and North Carolina Gov .	Pat McCrory declared states of emergency as Hurricane Matthew churned north .
Las Vegas police on Wednesday released body camera footage from officers who entered gunman Stephen Paddock 's hotel suite during October 's mass shooting .
A British Transport Police officer who was seriously injured in the terror attack at London Bridge has been hailed for his `` outstanding '' bravery .
Charges against the Mississippi man accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and other officials were dropped , a U.S. attorney said .
It is n't that the man had done anything wrong to infuriate Elytte Barbour and his wife .
Donald Trump suggested Sunday the half-dozen white attendees at his campaign rally on Saturday may have reacted appropriately when they shoved , tackled , punched and kicked a black protester who disrupted his speech .
Mitt Romney delivered a sweeping broadside against Donald Trump on Thursday , laying into the Republican presidential front-runner with a sharper attack than any of the party 's 2016 contenders have made against the billionaire business mogul .
The Trump administration has resumed receiving renewal applications for individuals eligible for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program .
Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , son of late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , has been released , according to the militia group that has held him since 2011 .
Four Americans arrested in Bahrain , accused of participating in an illegal gathering , have been charged but released while the matter is investigated .
Another Arctic blast will roar through nation this weekend , leaving millions shivering and driving weekend temperatures to all-time lows .
Washington ( CNN ) - House Speaker John Boehner on Sunday described his amped-up rhetoric toward President Barack Obama in recent days as advice .	`	` The president is getting … some bad advice , '' Boehner said on CNN 's `` State of the Union . ''	`` Somebody needed to help him out , so I thought I would .
Israeli fighter jets struck a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to Hezbollah in Lebanon , a senior U.S. official said Wednesday .
The surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings suffered an injury to his throat and may not be able to talk , a federal official told CNN on Saturday .
Trump widely praised for 'presidential ' turn in speech to Congress .	Really ?	If anything he barely cleared an incredibly low bar , writes Frida Ghitis .
President Trump arrives in Puerto Rico on Tuesday .	He may get a sense of the island 's nightmare recovery two weeks after Hurricane Maria hit .
A stampede at a rap concert early Saturday in an Italian nightclub killed five teenagers and one adult , and left dozens of people injured , authorities said .
Police say they have a confession from a Texas Border Patrol agent they suspect of being a serial killer , but many loose ends and questions remain -- chiefly , whether prosecutors will seek the death penalty .
The 2016 MTV Video Music Awards were free of controversy and full of powerful performances .	From Beyoncé 's surprise stage re-creation of `` Lemonade '' to Britney Spears ' big comeback , here are some of the best moments from Sunday 's show .
It only took 24 hours for online anger to shift from United Airlines to a Kentucky newspaper .
Speaking with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton fired back at President Obama 's criticism .
A fourth victim has died following last month 's shooting at a Washington state high school .
Comcast executive vice president says all the company 's customers will likely face data usage caps in five years ' time .
[ Updated at 2:28 p.m. ]	Gen. David Petraeus `` is feeling much better , '' spokesman Col. Erik Gunhus said .	`` It appeared that he fainted . ''	Read full CNN.com story	[ Updated at 11:11 a.m. ]	Gen. David Petraeus , the commander of U.S .
( CNN ) --	A former four-term Democratic congressman from Alabama and one time strong supporter of President Barack Obama will campaign for Mitt Romney Wednesday .
The head of the Gulf Cooperation Council has left Yemen without securing an agreement by which President Ali Abdullah Saleh would hand over power to the opposition , officials said Wednesday .
Maya Angelou , a novelist , actress and educator , died at age 86 , her literary agent , Helen Brann , said Wednesday .
A video that shows the beheading of American Steven Sotloff was delivered as a `` second message to America '' to halt airstrikes in Iraq
A man who allegedly attacked two others last month because he perceived them as gay has been arrested .
A San Antonio police officer was fatally shot Sunday near police headquarters in what the department chief has called a targeted killing .
U.S. authorities are investigating the disappearance of an American marine biologist who went missing at sea while serving as a monitor on a fishing boat off the coast of Peru .
Schools , colleges and even cable cars have closed in northern California as smoke from the Camp Fire descends on the region , which as of Friday morning had some of the worst air quality in the world , according to independent monitors .
The central bank cites `` pervasive and persistent misconduct . ''
( CNN )	-- New polls released Monday indicate the presidential race is neck and neck in two battleground states .	A CNN Poll of Polls show President Barack Obama has a narrow two-point edge over Mitt Romney in New Hampshire , 50 % -48 % , and a three-point edge over his Republican challenger in Iowa , 48 ...
Ohio shootings leave eight dead and investigators searching for answers .
A man accused of fatally stabbing four homeless men in California will be charged Monday in the killings of a mother and son .
Iowa newlyweds are clinging to hope as their 2-week-old daughter fights for her life after contracting a deadly virus believed to be from a simple kiss .
The USS Indianapolis wreckage was found by a team led by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen .	The sinking is one of the most tragic US naval maritime disasters .
Two simple words became a rallying cry on Twitter to stand against sexual harassment and assault .
Scientists show that our Instagram posts can reveal health issues such as depression .
One week after Sandy devastated many seaside communities in northern New Jersey , one of them is telling some of its residents to evacuate yet again -- this time because of a new storm .
Alan Brinkley , John Avlon , Maria Cardona , Ana Navarro and others on Bill Clinton 's speech on the second night of the DNC .
The 5-year-old son of country music singer Mindy McCready has been found and is in good health in Arkansas , an official says .
ESPN host Jemele Hill 's tweet calling President Trump a `` white supremacist ''	earned a stinging rebuke from Trump 's press secretary on Wednesday .
Three US Green Berets were killed and two others were wounded in southwest Niger near the Mali-Niger border when a joint US-Nigerien patrol was attacked Wednesday , US officials told CNN .
Sully , a yellow Labrador service dog who worked with late former President George H.W .	Bush , is accompanying his master one last time by traveling to Washington with Bush 's casket .
A South African radio telescope has revealed hundreds of galaxies in a tiny corner of the universe where only 70 had been seen before .
Macy 's is pulling Donald Trump merchandise from its stores after the Republican presidential candidate 's recent controversial remarks created an uproar .
As UK investigators work to identify the militant who beheaded James Foley , the tiniest details in the videotape of the killing could provide the key clue .
The can looks like Red Bull , but the strategy may be more about LaCroix .
Firefighters made little headway against a raging wildfire near Colorado Springs which has scorched 16,000 acres , destroyed 360 homes and claimed two lives .
On his 90th birthday , George H.W .	Bush 's presidency is now seen in a different light .
Mike Pence scored a narrow win over Tim Kaine in the vice presidential debate Tuesday night , according to a CNN/ORC instant poll , with 48 % of voters who watched the debate saying Pence did the better job while 42 % think Kaine had the best night .
A Pentagon report to Congress gives an overview of North Korea 's military threat
A video of a Denver mom shaming her 13-year-old daughter over suggestive Facebook postings has more than 11 million views .
The Dakota Access Pipeline brings protesters to their reservation , their sacred land .	But not everyone shares the outrage .
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is expected to weigh in on Syria Monday as the White House pushes Congress to approve military strikes .
Protests large and small were mounted Friday night after a jury found a police officer not guilty in the fatal shooting of Philando Castile .
A 62-year-old man man was arrested early Thursday and faces criminal mischief charges for allegedly applying a herbicide commonly used to kill trees and brush to landmark 130-year-old live oaks on the edge of the Auburn University campus in east-central Alabama , police said .
A Louisiana man claims in a new book that his biological father was the notorious Zodiac Killer of northern California , who 's still sought by authorities .
There does n't appear to be much headway being made in the battle to curb obesity in the United States , according to a pair of studies released Tuesday .
Former Arkansas Gov .	Mike Huckabee resigned Thursday from the Country Music Association Foundation board of directors -- less than one day after his appointment -- after backlash over his anti-gay rights record .
Only about half of abortions performed around the world each year between 2010 and 2014 were safe , according to a new report from the WHO and Guttmacher Institute .
North Korea is believed to be moving an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) , a South Korean lawmaker said after being briefed by the country 's intelligence service .
President Donald Trump 's long-time confidant Keith Schiller privately testified that he rejected a Russian offer to send five women to then private-citizen Trump 's hotel room during their 2013 trip to Moscow for the Miss Universe pageant , according to multiple sources from both political parties with direct knowledge of the testimony .
Steve Ballmer , former Microsoft CEO , had such a tough time finding government data for philanthropic work that he has created his own database called USAFacts .
Roughly 84 gallons of crude oil leaked out of the Dakota Access Pipeline in South Dakota last month .
Two commuter trains collided head-on Monday evening in western Switzerland , injuring dozens , officials said .
McDonald 's is removing Happy Meals ' new toys , Step-It activity trackers , due to concerns over skin irritations , the company said Wednesday .
Former President Barack Obama criticized President Donald Trump 's executive order curbing immigration in a statement on Monday , backing protesters who have taken to the nation 's airports to express their displeasure with Trump 's action on Friday .
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Pope Francis are set to meet at the Vatican today .	The two will reportedly discuss a number of topics including developments in Syria .
Arizona Gov .	Jan Brewer vetoed a bill late Monday that would have required President Barack Obama and other presidential candidates to prove they were American citizens , born in the United States , before their names could have been placed on the state ballot .
Brookstone is seeking a buyer for its 35 airport stores .
President Obama and GOP challenger Mitt Romney launch the final two weeks of the election campaign after Obama wins their final debate .
Federal authorities warned Friday that ISIS sympathizers `` continue aspirational calls for attacks on holiday gatherings , including targeting churches . ''
Authorities operating under assumption survivors remain in capsized South Korean ferry , police chief says .
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton start the race to November 8 on essentially even ground , with Trump edging Clinton by a scant two points among likely voters , and the contest sparking sharp divisions along demographic lines in a new CNN/ORC Poll .
The WH and U.S. Capitol were curiously out of sync Tuesday in their tributes to the five U.S. service members who were slain by a gunman in Chattanooga .
The U.S .	Postal Service announced on Thursday it had completed a five month study and would be consolidating 223 mail processing plants .	Some 35,000 jobs are at stake .
Uncertainty swirled around what happens next in Venezuela as the South American country mourns its late leader and prepares to pick a president to replace him .
A close aide to Scott Pruitt last year ordered a set of 12 fountain pens that cost the Environmental Protection Agency $ 1,560 , according to agency documents .
A U.S. Marine was arrested at his base in Yuma , Arizona , 1,100 miles from where he allegedly killed a college student who had just rung in the new year .
A federal grand jury in Washington on Friday approved the first charges in the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller , according to sources briefed on the matter .
`` Hamilton '' creator Lin-Manuel Miranda did not mince words in his message to Donald Trump following the President 's Saturday morning Twitter attacks on San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz .
Tiger Woods ' 2015 Mercedes-Benz showed signs of `` fresh damage '' on the driver 's side of the vehicle when he was found asleep at the wheel the morning of his arrest on suspicion of driving under the influence , police records show .
A sixth person in eastern China has died from an unusual strain of bird flu , Chinese health authorities said Friday , as U.S. researchers work on a vaccine
Terrorists who attacked the Belgian capital last month initially planned to strike again in France but changed their minds as investigators closed in .
Princeton 's board of trustees will decide whether to offer students emergency shots of a meningitis vaccine .
Chinese state media has hit back against claims that the poster for `	` Star Wars :	The Force Awakens '' used in mainland China deliberately leaves out or downplays characters of color .
Hillary Clinton got the win she badly needed — just barely .
Dennis Rodman 's role as self-appointed goodwill ambassador to North Korea is not earning him rave reviews .
Caitlyn Jenner told an audience Tuesday night that she would consider running for public office during an interview promoting her new book .
Ted Cruz wo n't endorse Donald Trump , but the Republican nominee said Friday he would n't take the support even if the Texas senator offered .
Police said a student entered his New Mexico middle school with a sawed-off shotgun and a plan .	He 's now in custody ; 2 shooting victims are hospitalized .
One inmate remains at large after a jailbreak Sunday night in northern Alabama , according to the Walker County Sheriff 's Office .
It 's a $ 3.7 billion project that would cross four states and change the landscape of the US crude oil supply .
NBC News and MSNBC have severed ties with `` Game Change '' co-author and veteran journalist Mark Halperin , days after multiple women told CNN he sexually harassed or assaulted them during his time at ABC News .
Protests of an online film that mocked Islam 's holy prophet enter a second week , raising questions about anti-American sentiment in the Muslim world .
President Donald Trump reached for poetry and conjured a vision of common national purpose Tuesday during his first address to Congress , shifting his tone from the dark , searing approach of his previous big speeches to the nation .
American tourist Jessica Colker died from an `` extensive skull fracture and asphyxia , '' according to autopsy results released by the Royal Grenada Police Force .
American hikers Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer were released from an Iranian prison Wednesday and made their way to Oman .	The two Americans were released on bail of $ 500,000 each and their sentences were commuted , Iran 's judiciary said , according to government-run Press TV .
Republicans may soon get a preview of the political price of health reform .
Five active duty transgender service members filed the first lawsuit Wednesday against President Donald Trump 's directive -- expressed on Twitter -- to prohibit transgender individuals from serving in the armed forces .
Not long after Michael Sam became the first openly gay player drafted to the NFL , some made clear his reaction was not welcome .
Parts of South Carolina remain submerged under water , and residents must grapple with a host of new concerns : dam breaks and billions of dollars in damage .
The FBI has released new pictures of a North Carolina teenager who was abducted outside her home , and it is urging people to take a close look at surveillance video	it says shows a suspect .
Oklahoma declares an emergency in some areas .	Tornadoes and heavy rain have also hit Kansas , Nebraska , and Texas .	Flooding is feared .
Days after arriving from Liberia , Thomas Eric Duncan twice went to a Dallas hospital .	The second time , he was admitted and isolated under fear he had Ebola .
President Donald Trump could n't return home from his first foreign trip without taking a quick victory lap .
The devastation left by Hurricane Michael is still coming into focus , with coastal Florida cities ruined beyond recognition , and homes , businesses and agriculture torn or flooded inland from Georgia to Virginia .
The U.S. Supreme Court cleared the way Monday for legal same-sex marriages in five more states .
`` MasterChef '' runner-up Joshua Marks was found dead of a gunshot to his head in an alley on Chicago 's south side Friday night , police said Saturday .
At first glance , the upset victory scored by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez over 10-term Rep. Joe Crowley in New York 's 14th District Democratic primary is no big deal for Democrats ' chances of flipping the House in November .	After all , the Bronx and Queens seat is overwhelmingly Democratic and has zero effect on Democrats ' fight for the majority .
Organizers of a Christmas event in England have apologized to outraged parents after a fire alarm reportedly prompted Santa Claus to burst out of his grotto , rip off his beard and scream at children to `` get the f	* * k out . ''
As students were called up to receive their diplomas , some decided to perform a quick celebratory dance .	But a faculty member did n't find the performances to his liking , and forcibly rushed the graduates off the stage .
Omar Khadr , who is serving a prison sentence in Canada for killing a U.S. soldier , wins a ruling that will release him on bail as he appeals his conviction .
President Donald Trump said Monday that he would release a second round of payments to farmers hurt by tariffs , even after China resumed buying US soybeans last week .
George Conway , the husband of counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway , embraced a position on Monday that he 's slyly promoted on Twitter for weeks -- his support for Robert Mueller 's legal authority in the Russia investigation .
The Obama administration said Thursday it was ending a dormant program that once was used to track mostly Arab and Muslim men .
Twitter banned far-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and his website InfoWars from its platform Thursday afternoon , a month after several of its Silicon Valley counterparts did so .
Conservationists across the continent are reintroducing the ancient auroch , an elephant-sized cow which became extinct in 1627 .
Forget the old `` I do n't have change '' excuse you give panhandlers .	Abe Hagenston has an app for that .
San Antonio , TX ( CNN ) --	Rick Perry may be giving up what he called `` the greatest job in modern politics . ''	But he 's not leaving the Texas-sized political stage that launched his last run for the White House anytime soon .
Official : A suicide bomber attacks inside a French-funded school in Kabul during a play aimed at condemning suicide attacks .
Opioid drugs are not only killing Americans , they 're shortening their life spans .	Opioids take 2½ months off our lives , according to a new analysis in JAMA .
A disagreement got physical on Spirit Airlines on Wednesday , when two women started playing loud music on their portable speaker .
Then-President Barack Obama warned President-elect Donald Trump in November against hiring retired Lt.	Gen. Michael Flynn as his national security adviser , former Obama administration officials confirmed to CNN Monday .
The mother of James Foley -- an American beheaded by ISIS -- said she is `` embarrassed and appalled '' by how the U.S. government dealt with her son 's case .
Hillary Clinton had a lot to talk about on Tuesday :	The capture of a key suspect in the Benghazi terror attack , violence in Iraq , marijuana and immigration .
Russia showed no signs of backing down Monday even as world leaders threatened sanctions and sternly rebuked the country for sending troops into Ukraine .
Afghanistan trusts the U.S. investigation into the massacre of 16 Afghan civilians allegedly at the hands of a U.S. soldier , an ambassador said Sunday .
A leading Saudi cleric warned women who drive cars could cause damage to their ovaries and pelvises and that they risk having children with `` clinical problems . ''
Fresh off a campaign to get Amazon to raise its minimum wage , Senator Bernie Sanders is now shining his progressive spotlight on Walmart .
David Frum says the world 's elite who meet yearly at Davos have reason to blame themselves for a long series of bad economic decisions .
Big Sur has gotten even bigger , because of a May 20 landslide .
Tennessee is the first state to make use of the electric chair mandatory when lethal injection drugs are unavailable .
The bizarre saga of President Donald Trump 's claims that he was wiretapped by President Barack Obama last year reaches a dramatic climax Monday with FBI Director James Comey 's testimony to the House Intelligence Committee .
An Amber Alert has been issued in Oregon for children believed to have been abducted by James DiMaggio in California .
Officials believe the drug may be laced with something making it particularly dangerous .
Recently released , Sam LaHood explains to CNN 's Soledad O'Brien what he was charged with in Egypt and discusses the detention of himself and his coworkers .	LaHood says , “ It was a de facto detention in the sense that we were prevented from being able to leave the country of Egypt .
Mark Zuckerberg announced late Tuesday that Facebook activated its Safety Check feature after a bombing in Nigeria .
What appeared to be a human hand and foot were sent separately to two area schools , Vancouver police said Tuesday .
The deadly siege of a central Sydney cafe has ended but the investigation is just beginning .
A report from the Environmental Protection Agency 's Office of the Inspector General strongly criticizes the local , state and federal government 's response to the Flint water crisis in 2015 and 2016 .
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani on Monday swatted away a report that he is a contender to replace Attorney General Jeff Sessions , and said Sessions made the right decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation .
A laptop with highly sensitive information was stolen from a Secret Service agent 's car Thursday morning in Brooklyn and has not been found , according to two senior New York law enforcement officials .
Google is working on a mobile application that would allow users to snap pictures of people 's faces in order to access their personal information , a director for the project said this week .
President Donald Trump and congressional lawmakers signaled on Tuesday that more steps need to be taken to rein in North Korea 's rapidly developing nuclear program despite the United Nations Security Council 's unanimous vote to pass additional sanctions on the rogue nation .
Cleveland Clinic announced Wednesday that the first U.S. patient to receive a uterus transplant had the organ removed because of a complication .
Diana Orrock , the Republican national committeewoman for Nevada , shared an article on Monday calling for the death of Sen. John McCain for his hawkish foreign policy views .
Serena Williams writes that her own childbirth experience taught her we must work harder to ensure every mother and child have access to affordable health care
A 9-month-old Pakistani boy who was booked in connection with an attempted murder case is no longer wanted by police , his family 's lawyer said .
President Trump , speaking outside the White House , just said he will meet Kim Jong Un on June 12 in Singapore .
The former Navy SEAL who says he fired the shot that killed Osama bin Laden says he does n't care if people believe him .
Russia and Ukraine are overshadowing President Barack Obama 's trip to Europe and Saudi Arabia , a journey that was supposed to showcase Obama 's global leadership .
Bangladesh building collapse :	An end to recovery efforts , a promise of a new start , as final death toll stands at 1,127 .
Britain 's home secretary held an emergency meeting of government ministers Saturday as investigators probe the attempt to kill Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter in southern England .
King Hezekiah 's seal -- dating from the 8th century -- has been discovered in Jerusalem .
A motorist fired pepper spray Saturday at a group of demonstrators and counter-protesters outside a funeral for a U.S. Marine in Omaha , Nebraska , police said .
Executives and anchors from the country 's five biggest television networks met with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower on Monday afternoon .
When House Republicans secured their 216th	`` yes '' on the American Health Care Act	Thursday , Democrats immediately began taunting their across-the-aisle rivals .
Many people could lose coverage under the Republicans ' plan to repeal and replace Obamacare .	Younger , healthier people who want skimpier plans would likely benefit , but older sicker consumers could pay more .
Eman al-Obeidy , the woman who burst into a Tripoli hotel to tell journalists she was beaten and raped by forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi last month , is no longer in custody but says she still fears for her life .
Eighteen candidates are running in the special election primary to replace Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price in Georgia 's 6th district on Tuesday .
Children with autism spectrum disorder often have an exaggerated or a numbed response to sight , sound and touch .	Now , researchers are looking at smells .
Cars.com , Peleton exercise bikes and mattress company Leesa Sleep withdrew their advertisements from Hannity 's program on Wednesday .
The United Nations General Assembly on Thursday approved a resolution calling the Crimean referendum to secede from Ukraine invalid .
François Fillon 's scandal-hit campaign to become France 's next president took another blow Tuesday after he was placed under formal investigation.marie
Saturn 's rings and some of its moons could be younger than even the dinosaurs that roamed Earth , according to a new study .
The eldest daughter of Eric Garner , who died after a New York City police officer put him in a chokehold , is in a coma after suffering a heart attack , according to multiple reports .
New Zealand police have shot dead a trainee bomb detector puppy that was running amok at Auckland Airport Friday , drawing condemnation from animal rights activists .
Another day , another sexual harassment claim against San Diego Mayor Bob Filner .	Filner 's former campaign staffer Laura Fink has come forward saying he touched her on the rear , and made sexually suggestive remarks when he was a congressman back in 2005 .
New evidence for when Romney really left Bain Capital .	FORTUNE --	Mitt Romney did not manage Bain Capital 's investments after leaving to run the Salt Lake City Olympic Games , according to confidential firm documents obtained by Fortune .	The timing of Romney 's departure
The bodies of eight babies have been found wrapped in towels and inside plastic bags in an apartment in Germany 's Bavaria state , police said .
Barack Obama used the n-word to make a point about racism in America during an interview podcast with comedian Marc Maron on `` WTF with Marc Maron '' out Monday .
UPDATE 1/1/12 6:50	p.m . ET :	On Sunday , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli reconsidered a proposal he made Saturday to ease the state 's ballot restrictions by the March 6 primary .
Nine people in Minnesota and Wisconsin have become ill from E. Coli , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Thursday .	Two of the individuals have been hospitalized .
Hena Akhter 's last words to her mother proclaimed her innocence .	But it was too late to save the 14-year-old girl .
Republicans and Democrats in the Senate do n't agree on much .	But when Sen. Susan Collins recorded her 6,000 consecutive vote Thursday -- a procedural vote related to the Iran nuclear deal -- a bipartisan majority of supporters said she was rock star .
Mom of Florida teen girl accused of bullying a classmate who later committed suicide is facing separate charges .
Parts of central Oklahoma -- where a devastating and deadly twister struck earlier this month -- were under a tornado warning Thursday afternoon .
Ohio Gov .	John Kasich and Colorado Gov .	John Hickenlooper have entertained the idea of forming a unity presidential ticket to run for the White House in 2020 , a source involved the discussions tells CNN .
A phishing email sent to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta may have been so sophisticated that it fooled the campaign 's own IT staffers , who at one point advised him	it was a legitimate warning to change his password .
The Denver Post has cut ties with a reporter who said he was `` very uncomfortable '' with a Japanese driver winning the Indy 500 .
The Federal Aviation Administration suspended Saturday yet another air traffic controller for sleeping on the job , the seventh apparent incident this year the agency has disclosed .
Lawyer :	Officer Darren Wilson is in talks to leave the Ferguson Police Department and may give up being an officer altogether
Senate candidate Roy Moore said at a campaign event Monday that the sexual allegations he faces are `` completely false '' and `` malicious , '' and said he does n't know any of the women levying them .
It 's always hot in India in the summer .	But the past 10 days have been exceptional .	What is causing the heat ?	Is it unusual ?	And when will it end ?
The 13-year-old Internet phenom who gained fame criticizing President Barack Obama and briefly was a part of the Ted Cruz campaign is renouncing conservatism
Former Rep. Mike Rogers left Donald Trump 's transition team , removing an establishment national security voice from the planning process of the new Cabinet
Sure , it 's shiny , sleek and cool -- the latest must-have accessory .	But here 's why I 'm sticking with Apple 's real perfect product .	By Leigh Gallagher , Assistant Managing Editor	For weeks it sat as an unchecked box on my to-do list : “ buy iPad. ”	I
A White House spokeswoman condemned on Tuesday the shooting of two Indian men in Kansas that gained international attention over the weekend , telling reporters that the shooting appears to be `` an act of racially motivated hatred . ''
Hillary Clinton says she has asked the State Department to release emails she sent from the personal address she used rather than the one provided
San Diego County is reporting an outbreak of hepatitis A , with 421 people sickened and 16 dead within less than a year .
Actress Skye McCole Bartusiak , who played Mel Gibson 's daughter in `` The Patriot , '' died Saturday at her home in Houston , her mother said .	She was 21 .
Kelley Paul , the senator 's wife , says in the last 18 months , her family has experienced violence and threats of violence -- as well as the posting online of their home address .	She calls on Cory Booker to retract his July encouragement to activists to `` get up in the face of some congresspeople . ''
President Donald Trump 's longtime personal aide John McEntee was fired because he is currently under investigation by the Department of Homeland Security for serious financial crimes , a source familiar with his firing told CNN .
In the Mato Grosso state of Brazil , two women apparently seduced and drugged prison guards , leading to an escape of 26 prisoners .
Ariel Castro may also face charges of murder -- and , if convicted , a death sentence -- for terminating his captives ' pregnancies , a prosecutor said .
Police arrest Markale Deandra Hart in connection with the shooting death of Jakell Mitchell , freshman Auburn University football player , Auburn police say .
Rep. Steve Scalise , a congressional staffer , a lobbyist and a member of the Capitol police force were shot Wednesday in Alexandria , Virginia , during a Republicans ' early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game .
Lt. Gen.	Jerry Boykin says lifting the ban on women in combat is a wrongheaded ideological , not military , decision that will affect the effectiveness of ground forces
Police :	A man charged at four New York police officers Thursday , metal hatchet in hand , hitting one officer in the right arm and another in the head .
Anna Konopka , a doctor in New London , New Hampshire , refuses to use a computer .	That led to her losing her license to practice medicine .
Police urged prosecutors to arrest George Zimmerman after arguing his killing of Trayvon Martin was `` ultimately avoidable , '' new info out Thursday shows .
Hackers have stolen personal information from over 1.2 million customers of the Japanese gaming company SEGA , according to a company statement .
The war crimes trial of former Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic has been suspended indefinitely over an evidence dispute .
A man who once appeared discreetly as a stunt pilot in movies became the center of national attention after a crash at a Nevada air show .
Authorities : Girls 'within inches ' of kidnapper Adam Mayes , who turned gun on himself
A Mississippi baby scientists said was `` functionally cured '' of HIV now has detectable levels of the virus .	Learn more about the Mississippi baby HIV case .
A newly released video appears to show a Fort Worth , Texas , police officer shooting a black man in the back and contradicting the officer 's account
U.S. forces targeted `` Jihadi John , '' the man who has emerged as the masked face of ISIS , in an airstrike in Raqqa , Syria , the Pentagon announced Thursday night .
The company behind `` Sesame Street '' has lost its lawsuit against the makers of Melissa McCarthy 's upcoming raunchy comedy , `` The Happytime Murders , '' for referencing the popular kids show in its marketing campaign .
`` We are not at war with Islam , we are at war with those who have perverted Islam , '' Obama told the White House summit aimed at countering violent extremism .
Jamal al-Labani , a U.S. citizen killed in Yemen , had hoped to bring his pregnant wife and daughter back to the United States .
`` Causal nexus '' is key .	Meanwhile , Samsung 's jury misconduct claim is a nonstarter	Judge Koh overseeing the trial last August .	Sketch via Reuters FORTUNE -- Apple ( AAPL ) lost an important ruling Monday night when a U.S. federal judge
Rescue crews still ca n't reach a suburban Tampa man who vanished into a sinkhole that opened under his bedroom .
CEOs offer money-back guarantee to overcharged Whole Foods customers .
Martin Lewis , one of 170 bikers arrested after a deadly gang shootout in Waco , Texas , is a former San Antonio police detective .
Two people have died in a partial building collapse at an Amazon Fulfillment Center in southeast Baltimore , officials said Saturday .
Arson fires have been set at half a dozen St. Louis-area churches in recent days .	Authorities want to know who did it and why .
Betsy DeVos ,	President-elect Donald Trump 's education secretary nominee , said it should be up to states whether guns are allowed in schools , citing grizzly bear protection as part of her answer .
As Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev 's trial starts , here are 13 things to keep in mind .
( CNN ) -	Newt Gingrich , who remains in the race for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination , conceded Sunday that his rival Mitt Romney was about as close as it gets to becoming the party 's presidential nominee .	`` I think you have to be realistic , '' Gingrich said on `` Fox News Sunday .
In the six years that Lima-Miran was free , he found a job , got married , started raising a family , and purchased a home , said his attorney Kimberly Diego .
The Ohio man who confessed in a viral video that he killed a man while driving drunk was sentenced Wednesday to six-and-a-half years in prison .
Apple 's sales declined for the third consecutive quarter , but the company expects to grow again next quarter .
The second trial of a Blackwater contractor charged with first-degree murder for shooting unarmed civilians during the Iraq War has ended in a mistrial , according to US attorney spokesperson Bill Miller .
The death toll from the building collapse near the Bangladeshi capital last week has risen above 400 .
Anaheim , California ( CNN ) — Describing lawmakers and pundits who deny manmade climate change as a “ fairly serious threat to everybody ’ s future , ” President Obama on Saturday called for less debate and more action in combating warming trends .
A U.S. airstrike near Baghdad on Monday marked a new phase in the fight against ISIS .
A US journalist has been killed in South Sudan .
President Donald Trump 's nominee for an Alabama federal court judgeship is being criticized for not disclosing in his confirmation process his wife 's role in the White House .
In one video Gilbert Flores appears to put up his hands up before being shot and killed .
President Donald Trump warned House Republicans Tuesday if they ca n't get pass health care legislation after seven years of promises it could be a `` bloodbath '' in the 2018 midterm election , according to one member present in the meeting .
A white police officer in Michigan sued city for discrimination after alleging a series of taunts began when a genetic test revealed he was 18 % African .
Eman al-Obeidy , who caught the world 's attention in March when she publicly accused members of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces of gang-raping her , has relocated to the United States .
Conservative blogger and radio host	Erick Erickson said Wednesday he 's had a number of conversations about laying the groundwork for a third-party candidate to oppose Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the general election .
( CNN ) --	Mitt Romney 's decision to comment on the diplomatic attacks in the Middle East is revealing a split among Republicans who differ over the GOP nominee 's remarks on the violence .	`` Too quick to politicize over faulty reporting initially .
Militants have blown up Jonah 's tomb , a revered holy site in Mosul , Iraqi civil defense officials said .
Nelson Mandela 's funeral plans - a day by day breakdown
White House chief of staff John Kelly personally denied calling President Donald Trump an `` idiot '' in an afternoon conversation with the commander in chief , relaying nearly the same statement in his face-to-face talk with the President as the one he released publicly , according to an administration official .
Sen. McCain argued Wednesday that the Trump administration is not being forthcoming about the attack in Niger that left four US soldiers dead and two wounded .
The leading US intelligence official said Thursday that his foreign counterparts have expressed concern that President-elect Donald Trump is disparaging the US intelligence community , potentially damaging public confidence .
Dallas police identify the dead suspect in the sniper attack that killed 5 officers as Micah Xavier Johnson , 25 , but could other suspects be on the loose ?
British lawmakers force security contractor CEO Nick Buckles to agree that the Olympics security fiasco is `` a humiliating shambles . ''
Brandon Clement arrived in the Leilani Estates community on Hawaii 's Big Island Sunday , hoping to witness the ongoing eruption of the Kilauea volcano .	Officials had allowed evacuated residents return to check their homes .
( CNN ) --	Mark Kelly , Gabrielle Giffords ' husband , said in an interview aired Friday he will not run for his wife 's Congressional seat , following her emotional resignation from the U.S. House of Representatives this week .
An extortion case involving bikini-clad models , social media celebrities and racy images has sparked an intriguing legal debate over phone security and the Fifth Amendment .
The governor of Virginia has ordered an investigation after a black student at the University of Virginia was injured during an arrest early Wednesday .
In his first public comments since the release of a report on `` Deflategate , '' Tom Brady says he does n't yet `` have really any reaction . ''
Facebook is facing new pressure from the Federal Trade Commission .
# TrumpBookReport :	After Wednesday 's presidential debate , critics imagined Donald Trump writing book reports on classic literary works .
John Goodlett lent a helping hand to a mom of twin boys , and a photo of his kind deed went viral .
Seventeen people are dead after a duck boat capsized during a storm in Missouri .	Follow here for the latest .
A video that shows a foreign couple in a naked embrace at the summit of the Great Khufu Pyramid of Giza is sparking reaction among Egyptians .
Most cars in America are designed to run on Regular fuel .	Putting Premium gas on those vehicles is a waste of money , according to AAA .
Questions abound for the future of the Central African Republic after rebels seized the capital and the president fled .
A flight attendant went the extra mile for a mother who had run out of formula to feed her baby on a domestic flight in the Philippines .
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg offered Hillary Clinton his resounding endorsement Wednesday night , emerging as her most prominent independent surrogate as he tore into fellow billionaire businessman Donald Trump .
Bad weather and possible 'crew error ' appeared to be an early focus of an inquiry into what caused a Boeing 747 freighter to crash Monday in a village near Kyrgyzstan 's capital .
St. Louis Rams wide receiver Stedman Bailey is in critical condition after being shot while sitting in a car in the Miami area , police said .
Republican Sen. Marco Rubio said Wednesday that he does n't think it 's a coincidence that a suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria occurred shortly after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson suggested Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad could remain in power .
President Donald Trump 's staunch defense of his own mental will increase this week , leading up to his first medical exam since taking office
Randy Travis suffered a stroke and underwent surgery to relieve pressure on his brain Wednesday evening , his publicist said .
Broadening the number of health care professionals who can administer vaccine , New York Gov .	David Paterson issued a sweeping executive order Thursday officially declaring a state of emergency due to the increase in H1N1 cases , including 75 H1N1-related deaths in New York state .
A ballistic missile launched early Saturday by North Korea in defiance of international pressure and at a time of heightened regional tensions appears to have failed .
President Donald Trump , angered over a National Park Service retweet comparing his inaugural crowd size to Barack Obama 's in 2009 , called the acting director of the National Park Service on Saturday to complain , two sources with knowledge of the call told CNN .
Teena Marie , a celebrated R & B singer-songwriter , was found dead Sunday at her California home , her manager said .
Conservative justices and swing vote Justice Anthony Kennedy appeared to side with the Trump administration Wednesday as the Supreme Court heard oral arguments on President Donald Trump 's travel ban .
Times Square was buzzing with more than tourists Tuesday afternoon as more than 40,000 bees swarmed a hot dog stand at the corner of Broadway and West 43rd Street .
The political and legal future of the sweeping health care reform bill received a big boost Wednesday after a federal appeals court in Cincinnati ruled in favor of the Obama administration and Congress , concluding a key provision in the landmark legislation was constitutional .
Hillary Clinton claimed victory in the Iowa caucuses Tuesday after topping Democratic rival Bernie Sanders by the skin-of-her-teeth margin of 49.9 % to 49.6 % .	There 's been some confusion about how much of a role -- if any -- coin flips played in determining who won delegates .
A Connecticut judge has ordered the release of 911 calls from the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , according to court documents obtained by CNN .
Rudy Giuliani , President Donald Trump 's attorney , said the President 's lawyers have not heard back from special counsel Robert Mueller 's office in nearly three weeks .
N.J. Gov .	Chris Christie reiterated he knew nothing about lane closures at the George Washington Bridge .
[ cnn-photo-caption image= http : //i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2010/images/09/07/gal.capitolbldg.file7.gi.jpg caption = ''	The Rothenberg Political Report predicted on Tuesday that Republican gains of 37 to 42 seats in the House of Representatives is likely .
No one survived the crash of a Pakistani passenger plane that went down in the outskirts of the capital Islamabad Wednesday morning with 152 people on board , officials said .
In her first television interview since she was freed following an alleged kidnapping this month , Hannah Anderson described herself as a survivor .
It 's a mystery that authorities still have n't been able to solve : Where is Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ?
Two young Italian women believed kidnapped in Syria appear in a video pleading for their release .
Editor 's note :	Several protests stemming at least in part from an anti-Islam film produced in the United States are unfolding outside U.S. embassies around the world .	Friday 's protests follow ones Tuesday at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo and the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , where attacks killed the U.S .
Lin Ming-wei 's son was blue with no heartbeat when his father spotted his feet in the water , shortly after a horrifying plane crash .
Two suspects scaled a fence and broke into singer Miley Cyrus ' North Hollywood home last week , stealing jewelry and a car , police said Sunday .
Donald Trump fired his controversial campaign manager Corey Lewandowski Monday , unleashing a major shake-up as he comes under pressure from his closest advisers -- particularly his family members -- to urgently reset his struggling presidential campaign .
Filmmaker Yana says the bloody violence between the Ukrainian people and their government is a battle for their freedom and against tyranny and dictatorship .
An attack on Ohio State University 's Columbus campus ended in less than two minutes with the person responsible dead and 11 people injured , officials said .
The body of a Pennsylvania man on the run after being suspected of killing his ex-wife and five former in-laws has been found , authorities said .
Same-sex marriage in France came a step closer Tuesday , as lawmakers in the lower house of parliament approved a controversial bill giving new rights .
Rebel leaders said early Monday that they had captured three of embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's sons -- Saif al-Islam , Saadi and Mohammed -- during their siege of Tripoli .
( CNN ) -	As President Barack Obama prepares to cut his Hawaii vacation short and return to Washington , a new poll indicates only half of Americans believe he and Congress will strike a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff by the year-end deadline .
If Vladimir Putin wanted to get America 's attention , he 's done a pretty good job .
President Trump signed the omnibus spending bill Congress passed just after midnight , avoiding another government shutdown .	See the latest .
Eight people were shot during a dice game at an apartment complex in San Bernardino late Sunday , California , police said .
A heated argument in the West Wing between chief of staff John Kelly and national security adviser John Bolton over a recent surge in border crossings turned into a shouting match Thursday , two sources familiar with the argument told CNN .
A passenger at Reagan National Airport near Washington surrenders two `` ninja ''	-style daggers found inside a book in a carry-on bag .
Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps is the proud father of a baby boy .
Kelly Hoggan , the Transportation Security Administration 's assistant administrator for the Office of Security Operations , has been removed from his position in the wake of congressional scrutiny .
`` The D '' touted by Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk is here , and it 's a dual motor , all-wheel-drive sedan with mind-bending performance numbers .
U.S. student Amanda Knox and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are waiting -- once again -- for a verdict from an Italian court .
Most see a silver lining , despite disappointing Q4 's earnings and troubling Q1 guidance FORTUNE --	The earnings report Apple ( AAPL ) issued Thursday evening was complicated one , and analysts on Friday -- like voters in the U.S. Presidential election -- were trying to thread
Memphis police identified 29-year-old Tremaine Wilburn as the suspect in a weekend shooting of an officer .
It is a secret that Pastor Jim Swilley has been holding onto his entire life , and one recent Sunday , he finally decided to share it with the congregation he 's led for the past 25 years in Conyers , Georgia .	Swilley stood before a large crowd at Church	In The Now and told them all that he 's gay .
They 're tired of the whole `` fall back '' and `` spring forward '' rigamarole .
An Air France flight from Paris to Los Angeles made an emergency landing in Canada on Saturday after one of its engines failed during an Atlantic crossing .
President Barack Obama invoked Donald Trump 's name during the debate , saying Mitt Romney would consider Trump 's empire a small business .
The 16-year-old girl wounded by an armed student at Great Mills High School in southern Maryland early this week has died , her family and authorities said Friday .
Eric Trump said on Thursday that former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke deserves `` a bullet . ''
A woman hiking in eastern Galilee has discovered 2,000-year-old gold coin that bears the face of a Roman emperor .	Only one other such coin is known to exist .
A toxicology report indicates that golfer Tiger Woods had pain , anxiety and sleep medications and THC in his system when he was arrested on Memorial Day on suspicion of DUI .
If you look up at the moon in the next day or two , you might notice it looks bigger and brighter than usual .
The pilot in the New York City helicopter crash told investigators that one of the passenger 's bags may have inadvertently hit the emergency fuel shutoff button , causing the fatal crash , a senior law enforcement official said .
The startling discovery that three women had been held captive for a decade inside a Cleveland home has answered key questions from their families and raised a slew of others .
President Donald Trump said Monday he feels `` closer than ever before '' to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , a man he 's publicly criticized for his handling of the GOP agenda and on whom the President is relying for getting a legislative accomplishment in the first year of his term .
After walloping the South , a winter storm arrives faster than forecasters predicted in the Northeast , with more snow accumulating than expected .
Nikki Haley , the United States ambassador to the United Nations , has resigned .	See live updates .
Fanned by strong winds and the Southeast 's worst drought in nearly a decade , at least 14 wildfires burned in and around Gatlinburg , Tennessee , forcing evacuations from the popular tourist destination and nearby communities .
The NAACP has retracted its original statement condemning comments made by a former Agriculture Department official who resigned after a video clip surfaced of her discussing a white farmer .
A California state legislator wants to ban the orca killer whale shows at SeaWorld , in the wake of CNN 's controversial documentary `` Blackfish . ''
The problem of obesity is spreading around the world and poses serious health threats .	The finding is part of a new special report on obesity , and how to combat it in the medical journal the Lancet .	The editor , Dr .
Affidavit in Florida 's case against George Zimmerman for the shooting death of an unarmed 17-year-old says the victim was `` profiled . ''
Whoopi Goldberg said it best , echoing the thoughts of many celebrities when it came to news of Prince 's death : `` This is what it sounds like when doves cry . ''
Emergency operators get lots of crazy calls , but few start like this .	`` Hello , I 'm trapped in this plane and I called my job , but I 'm in this plane . ''
An 8-year-old boy who is a Dutch citizen is the sole survivor of a deadly plane crash in Libya , airline officials said Wednesday .
The chief of staff for VA Secretary David Shulkin altered an email and made false statements to a department ethics official , the agency 's inspector general said
A Massachusetts town was jarred by a gruesome sight this week : three dead infants in a home so squalid , police officers had to search it in hazmat suits .
President Obama announced a climate change agreement with China that would cut both countries ' greenhouse gas emissions by close to a third over 20 years
President Barack Obama said Friday he has not given up hope for a broad deficit reduction deal , urging Republicans to accept a fiscal stability package that includes higher taxes on the wealthy and reforms to politically popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security .
A doctor opened fire with an assault rifle Friday inside a New York City hospital where he used to work , killing a woman and wounding six people before turning the gun on himself , law enforcement officials said .
Police arrested a suspect believed to be one of four men shown in a video apparently sexually assaulting disabled women in a care home and other places , authorities said in a statement .
Before women gained the right to vote in 1920 , Besse Cooper joined the suffrage movement .
Before the midterm elections , CNN Opinion asked commentators to weigh in on the races they were watching most closely .	We have asked those commentators to assess the outcome of those races -- and what they mean for the future of American politics .
Sandra Bland 's family has reached a $ 1.9 million settlement in a wrongful death lawsuit , their attorney said Thursday .
The controversy over new security measures at airport checkpoints -- which some feared would boil over Wednesday , one of the year 's busiest travel days -- instead did n't even reach a simmer .
Three professors and a former professor at Columbia University 's Teachers College received hate mail this week , the New York Police Department said .	It 's the campus that was shaken by several bias crimes directed at black and Jewish professors in 2007 .
North Korea has released Won-moon Joo , a South Korean student at New York University whom it detained in April .
The possible side effects of popping a pain reliever containing acetaminophen are well-known .	But here 's a surprising new one .
Cranberry capsules do not decrease episodes of urinary tract infection or lessen the presence of bacteria and pus in the urine , a new study says .
Tad Cummins -- the school teacher apprehended in the abduction of a 15-year-old student -- allegedly borrowed his wife 's car under the guise of going to a job interview before fleeing .	Those are among five surprising revelations from the federal criminal complaint in the sensational case .
American Jeffrey Fowle has been released and is on his way home , a senior State Department official told CNN .
Daniel Boria , who tied more than 100 balloons to a lawn chair and flew over the Calgary Stampede , is charged with mischief causing danger to life .
Orlando shootings :	Donald Trump said `` I do n't want congrats '' on `` being right '' on radical Islamic terorism as President Obama urges new gun laws .
David Frum says any objectionable remark , any untoward joke , any awkward expression may be recorded and shown
The Wall Street Journal 's cautious treatment of President Trump has created internal strife at the storied paper and raised questions about its editor-in-chief , Gerard Baker , several Journal sources have told CNNMoney .
President Donald Trump told Republican senators lunching at the White House Tuesday	the House-passed health care reform bill he celebrated earlier this year	was `` mean , '' a source told CNN .
Several major advertisers in the United Kingdom are pulling advertising from the UK 's News of the World newspaper amid a wave of public outrage over a phone hacking scandal .
Secret Service agents will no longer be allowed to bring foreigners to their hotel rooms under new rules distributed Friday .
Investigators are searching a landfill for clues in the Boston Marathon bombing , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Friday .
Wyclef Jean for president ?	There are reports that the musician is mulling a run for the top office in Haiti .	Reached by phone , Jean told CNN that talk of a campaign is a bit premature as he is still mulling it over .	“ I can ’ t sing forever , ” Jean said .
They were poking fun at Todd Kohlhepp , but he was n't enjoying the joke .	Police say he confessed to the resulting quadruple homicide .
Sources say terror cells have been been activated in France after Charlie Hebdo attack ; wanted suspect entered Turkey on January 2 .
Simone Thomas broke down in tears as soon as she began talking about her youngest son , Kouren Thomas , being fatally gunned down in Raleigh , North Carolina .
A middle school teacher in Baltimore was fired after telling a group of eighth graders that they should focus on their education instead of wanting to `` be like a punk ass n -- -- - who 's going to get shot . ''
A 26-year-old woman who had registered to take summer classes at Santa Monica College died Sunday from wounds she suffered in a shooting spree Friday that left four others , including her father , dead .
The wall of water that struck Japan in March was the result of at least two waves that combined to create a more powerful tsunami , U.S. scientists said Monday .
As chaos and confusion continued to swirl in Washington about the fate of some 2,000 migrant children separated from their parents at the border , a tweet from vulnerable Republican Rep. Mike Coffman on Thursday made it clear that Republicans are bracing for major blowback on the Trump administration 's immigration policy in November .
Venezuelans have taken to the streets recently , leading to gruesome clashes between protesters and police .	Their demands are varied , from economical to social .
Lindsay Lohan checked into a California rehab center early Friday , ending a drama that had more twists and turns than a high-speed car chase .
While denying she rejected an Indian applicant because he 's a man , a German professor is sorry for comments to him about Indian society 's issues with rape .
An experimental drug shattered and removed toxic plaque in the brains of patients with early-stage Alzheimer 's disease , researchers found .
A Thanksgiving night shooting at Alabama 's largest enclosed mall that left a gunman dead and two people -- including a 12-year-old girl -- injured sent terrified shoppers running for safety .
An Iowa congressman this week proposed legislation that would have blocked Harriet Tubman from replacing President Andrew Jackson on the $ 20 bill , but it wo n't get a vote after a committee determined it was n't in compliance with House rules .
[ Updated at 6:17 p.m . ET ]	The U.S. Navy 's new class of carriers will be the first to go without urinals , a decision made in part to give the service flexibility in accommodating female sailors , the Navy says .	The change heralded by the Gerald R .
Hillary Clinton responded to the tightening race with Bernie Sanders on Thursday by arguing early polls that showed her with a sizable lead were `` artificial . ''
In a controversial move , the Commerce Department announced Monday that the question of citizenship will again be included in the 2020 Census .
Lt.	Gen. Michael Flynn , who played a key role in Trump 's campaign and may be slated for a leading role in administration , favors an aggressive stance against `` radical Islam '' and some Islamic regimes
Chinese authorities have banned satellite broadcasters from buying the rights to more than one foreign-made program per year in a bid to tackle `` vulgar '' and `` excessive '' entertainment in Chinese television .
Rising sea levels from unchecked carbon emissions could drive 100 million into extreme poverty and submerge the homes of 760 million , new reports say .
Frida Ghitis says the Venezuelan leader lifted people out of poverty but damaged his nation 's democracy
Paraguay international Salvador Cabanas is in a critical condition after being shot in the head in Mexico City .
Dr. Sanjay Gupta performed brain surgery on an earthquake victim in Nepal .
U.S. State Secretary John Kerry was the intended target of rocket strikes in Afghanistan 's capital Saturday , the Taliban said in a statement .
Former chief administrative officer for HUD says she was demoted in part for refusing to spend more than allowed to redecorate Secretary Ben Carson 's office
A relieved Mitt Romney headed back to the campaign trail Wednesday after sweeping crucial primaries in Arizona and Michigan .
The 129 inmates that escaped from a northern Mexico prison did not escape through a tunnel but rather walked out the front door .
New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker gave an impassioned and unprecedented plea to the Senate on Wednesday to vote against Donald Trump 's nominee for attorney general and his fellow senator , Jeff Sessions .
Hackers have taken 4.5 million Social Security numbers from patients who attended any one of Community Health Systems ' 206 hospitals this year .
Donald Trump says he 's not blaming George W. Bush for 9/11 , but he claims that if he 'd been president , the attacks never would have happened .
President Donald Trump 's lawyer , Rudy Giuliani , said Monday that he 's not sure collusion with Russia would be considered a crime .
Gunmen who attacked the Corinthia Hotel in Tripoli , Libya , on Tuesday killed at least 10 people , spokesman says .
Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch said at his confirmation hearing Tuesday that he would `` have walked out the door '' had President Donald Trump asked him to overturn the ruling of Roe v. Wade .
British rescuer Vern Unsworth says he is considering legal action against Elon Musk after he made an unfounded claim he was a `` pedo '' , or pedophile , in a now-deleted tweet .
On Tuesday , Alabama voters will deliver their verdict on Roy Moore .	Doug Jones has benefited from help from Barack Obama and other key Democrats
As Hurricane Harvey takes aim at Texas , New Orleans braces for heavy rain and possible flooding on the Louisiana coast .
Ann LePage , the wife of flamboyant Maine governor Paul LePage , is looking for a little extra money this summer .
Police have detained several people connected to a viral sex video filmed at a Uniqlo clothing store fitting room in Beijing .
Hillary Clinton , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , received an endorsement Wednesday from a heavyweight foreign policy adviser to Republican presidents .
A military air tanker crashed while fighting a wildfire Sunday in southwest South Dakota , officials said .
The Trump administration will not immediately appeal the decision blocking its travel ban to the Supreme Court , a source familiar with the matter tells CNN .
A married couple from South Dakota died just 20 minutes apart in the room they shared at a nursing home .
Rescuers battle mud and debris in the search for survivors of a Washington state landslide , but hopes have dimmed .
President Trump skipped the annual White House Correspondents ' Association dinner again this year .	Here 's how it all went down without him .
The outrage and debate continues after a N.Y. grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in death of Eric Garner .
The one question we all desperately want answered may have gone to the grave with Aaron Alexis : Why ?
Fox News ' legal troubles grew even larger Tuesday , with new plaintiffs , including an anchor , joining a suit alleging racial discrimination and harassment at the network .
The near-complete skeleton of a 150-million-year-old dinosaur has gone under the hammer in Paris .
A jury in Middlesex County , New Jersey , decided that Johnson & Johnson and talc company Imerys SA must pay $ 117 million to a man who got cancer after decades of using talcum powder and to his wife .
Even as the Trump White House continues to calibrate the right response to the news that North Korea may have miniaturized a nuclear weapon , President Donald Trump started a very public fight with the most powerful Republican in the Senate .
CNN commentators and guest analysts offer their take on Wednesday night 's third presidential candidate debate .
A rare cartoon starring Walt Disney 's first character , Oswald the Rabbit , has been rediscovered at a film institute in London .
An official with the Boy Scouts of America apologized to the Scouting community on Thursday for the political content of President Donald Trump 's speech at the National Scout Jamboree .
Liz Cheney says she is dropping out of the Senate primary for U.S. senator from Wyoming .
The false alarm of a missile heading for Hawaii left Americans wondering how the missile detection and emergency messaging systems are supposed to work -- and what went wrong .
Escaped Michigan convict	Michael David Elliot was captured Monday in LaPorte County , Indiana , authorities said .
Former Nixon White House lawyer John Dean said he thinks Congress will have `` little choice '' but to begin impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump following a Friday evening court filing involving Trump 's former lawyer Michael Cohen .
North Korea is showing signs it could be preparing to carry out a new nuclear test , a South Korean official said
New Hampshire health officials say they 're monitoring eight patients for signs of a fatal brain disease after medical equipment was found to have been contaminated by proteins that cause the ailment .
One chimpanzee is killed and another tranquilized after they acted aggressively , Las Vegas Metro Police say .
What does $ 40 per paycheck mean for you and your family ?
What 's often called `` sea lice '' or `` seabather 's eruption '' is really a rash caused by microscopic jellyfish that can attack swimmers and cause itchy bumps .
General Motors will end production of six sedans by the end of 2019 .
It is illegal to attack hospitals under international humanitarian law , but it 's not as simple as that , explains a war crimes expert
Gretchen Carlson , a longtime host on Fox News , is accusing the network 's CEO and chairman Roger Ailes of sexual harassment and retaliation .
Comcast is being forced to pay the largest fine ever levied against a cable operator for pegging customers for services and equipment they did n't ask for .
Washington ( CNN ) -- The key figures involved in fiscal cliff talks have released few details about negotiations since they restarted Sunday afternoon .
Marci Anderson Wahl has been arrested three times near the White House , after she first allegedly attempted Tuesday to gain entry , telling police she was there to speak to President Donald Trump .
Founded in 1816 , Remington Outdoor Brands makes guns like the Bushmaster AR-15-style rifle .
A cruise ship struck a wall in the Eisenhower Lock in upstate New York on Thursday night , the U.S. Coast Guard said , injuring some passengers .
As 2009 draws to a close , the Web 's attention turns to the year ahead .	What can we expect of the online realm in 2010 ?	While Web innovation is unpredictable , some clear trends are becoming apparent ....
Moving photographs capture the moment a Chinese man was reunited with his father
Meghan Markle 's father , Thomas Markle , has reportedly said he will not attend his daughter 's wedding to Prince Harry , prompting speculation over who will walk her down the aisle on Saturday .
Mesa , Arizona ( CNN ) --	On the eve of the final Republican presidential debate before primaries in Arizona and Michigan , as well as the 10 Super Tuesday states , a new survey indicates that Rick Santorum may be closing the gap with Mitt Romney in the Grand Canyon State .
Researchers found archerfish can tell a familiar human face from dozens of new faces with surprising accuracy .	It 's the first time fish have shown this ability .
A Secret Service agent on Friday shot a man near a security checkpoint close to the White House after he brandished a gun and refused orders to stop .
A woman who was 16 when she killed a Nashville man who solicited her for sex must serve at least 51 years in prison before she 's eligible for release , according to the Tennessee Supreme Court .
The top police commander on the scene the night that Oscar Pistorius killed Reeva Steenkamp testified against the Olympic athlete at his murder trial Friday .
A recent Japanese government survey found that over 40 % of young people aged between 18 to 34 in Japan are virgins .	But why are so many of the country 's millennials abstaining ?
Former South African President Nelson Mandela is in serious condition after the recurrence of a lung infection , the country 's presidential office said Saturday .
Vice President Mike Pence and Missouri Gov .	Eric Greitens on Wednesday joined a cleanup at vandalized Jewish cemetery in a St. Louis suburb .
With nearly all votes counted , 65 % of Colorado residents supported the new tax on marijuana .
North Korean state media on Friday renewed a threat to launch missiles toward the US territory of Guam , warning that `` reckless moves '' by the US would compel Pyongyang to take action .
Hillary Clinton is poised to reveal her vice presidential candidate Friday in a message to supporters , people close to the search say , and is planning to make her first appearance with her running mate at a campaign rally in Miami on Saturday .
President Kennedy 's lifelong struggle with back pain may have kept him from recoiling from Lee Harvey Oswald 's first bullet , setting him up for the kill shot .
As North Korea presses forward with a controversial rocket launch , journalists were granted a rare glimpse Sunday of the reclusive country 's preparations .
A `` potentially catastrophic ''	Hurricane Irma is roaring toward northeastern Caribbean islands as a Category 5 storm , the National Hurricane Center said , threatening to slam into Antigua , the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico before possibly taking aim at the US mainland .
Authorities await forensic tests to determine whether remains found are those of Hannah Grahams '
Mitzi Shore , who could make and break careers as the owner of the Comedy Store , has died after battling Parkinson 's disease .	She was 87 .
Kanye West was spotted arriving at Trump Tower in New York City Tuesday morning where he met with President-elect Donald Trump only days after he first came back into the public eye following his hospitalization .
The latest norovirus outbreak aboard the Princess Cruises ' Crown Princess has infected 172 people , the CDC says .
President Donald Trump is sharing some of his campaign warchest with congressional Republicans ahead of the 2018 midterm elections , part of a joint effort with the Republican National Committee announced Thursday to protect GOP majorities in Congress and curry favor with Republicans on Capitol Hill .
For the first time , a bee species in the continental United States has been declared endangered by the US Fish and Wildlife Service .
A Massachusetts man was arrested on Thursday for allegedly using Twitter to solicit the murder of ICE agents .
The election overseer for a critical county in Florida confirmed to CNN on Sunday what observers in both parties had begun to predict : There is no way Palm Beach County 's machine recount will be finished by the Thursday deadline .
President Barack Obama will become the first sitting U.S. President to visit Cuba in 88 years , when he visits Havana in March , White House press secretary Josh Earnest announced Thursday .
A Florida state agency said Friday it has opened a probe to find out why a roller coaster derailed at an amusement park Thursday night in Daytona Beach .
Commuters encountered an unexpected passenger when they boarded a New York City subway train early Wednesday : a shark .
Organizers say fast-food workers in 100 U.S. cities will walk off their jobs Thursday , part of a push to raise wages in the industry above $ 15 an hour .
Megyn Kelly 's slow-motion exit from NBC News has turned into an all-out legal battle .
Arkansas executed Jack Harold Jones and Marcel Wayne Williams , the state 's attorney general confirmed , in Arkansas ' first double execution since 1999 .
Freddie Gray was well until police tackled him in Baltimore , his lawyer says .	Less than an hour later , he had a spinal injury and fell into a coma .
The Northeast is bracing for a powerful winter storm , with blizzard and near-blizzard conditions forecast for parts of New York and New England .
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and Christine Blasey Ford , a woman who has accused him of sexual assault , are testifying in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee today .	Follow here for the latest .
A judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a man who claimed he was unfairly kicked out of a New York City bar for wearing a `` Make America Great Again '' cap .
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt 's custody dispute over their six children continues more than 20 months after filing for divorce .
Authorities arrested the father of three missing Michigan boys Tuesday , charging him with parental kidnapping , officials said .
Laura Ingraham , the radio host and Fox News commentator , is about to become a prime time host on the conservative cable network .
Younger women with breast cancer in Nebraska , Missouri , Colorado , Iowa and South Dakota are increasingly more likely to receive double mastectomies , a study says .
A 16-year-old high school football player is accused of killing a 17-year-old girl and leaving her body in a dumpster in Mishawaka , Indiana , police said .	St. Joseph County Metro Homicide named the victim as Breana Rouhselang , a junior at Mishawaka High School .
Houthi rebels released six hostages in Yemen , including two Americans , a Briton and three Saudis .
Here it is : our first visual glimpse at the hive mind where Trump 's chief strategist , Steven Bannon , is plotting the `` deconstruction '' of the administrative state .
U.S. comedian Arsenio Hall is suing singer Sinead O'Connor for defamation over comments accusing Hall of supplying Prince with drugs `` over the decades . ''
Conservative Republicans , bullish on their prospects in 2016 , are gathered at their vast annual conference to road test the long list of potential candidates promising to win them back the White House .
Archaeologists believe they have unearthed one of Egypt 's oldest-known settlements in the Nile Delta , dating back some 7,000 years to the Neolithic era .
Two Papa John 's employees and three of their friends are arrested after investigators said they sold cocaine from a franchise in Sammamish , Washington .
Florida has approved an amendment that will automatically restore voting rights to more than a million people previously convicted of felonies .
Good news .	There 's another chance to become America 's newest billionaire .
White House chief of staff John Kelly spoke to the `` good '' and `` not so good '' parts of US history on Monday , speaking highly of Confederate general Robert E. Lee and attributing the origin of the American Civil War to a `` lack of an ability to compromise . ''
More than 7,000 Ravens fans showed up this weekend to exchange Ray Rice jerseys for one with another player 's name .	The team started handing out vouchers after it ran out of replacement jerseys .
The State Department has removed a blog post that touted President Donald Trump 's personally owned private Florida club , Mar-a-Lago .	The post was available to all embassies through Share America , a State Department program for US embassies .
Trump tweet on July 's strong jobs report again violates a rule that executive branch officials are supposed to wait on hour to comment on economic numbers .
Hackers silently infected a Healthcare.gov computer server this summer .	But the malware did n't manage to steal anyone 's data , federal officials say .
Vanessa Marquez , an actress best known for her recurring role as a nurse on the NBC drama `` ER , '' was shot and killed by police in South Pasadena , California on Thursday , according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department .
In Colorado , more rain is forecast through Sunday on top of the 15 inches some areas have already received .
The Broward Sheriff 's Office released a sampling of calls that 911 operators received as a shooting broke out at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High .
Petition calls for Nobel Peace Prize nomination for residents of Greek islands who are on the front lines of Europe 's migration crisis , rescuing refugees .
L.L .	Bean becomes fourth major retailer this week to stop selling guns or ammunition to customers younger than 21 years old .
Carter Page met with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich while in Moscow in July 2016 , the former foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump 's campaign confirmed to CNN on Friday .
Last month , the Pan-STARRS 1 telescope in Hawaii spotted something strange zooming through our solar system .	It turned out to be a visitor from beyond , unlike anything astronomers have seen before .
The FBI is investigating the theft of $ 1.2 million from Swiss International Airlines Flight 17 , which arrived in New York on Saturday from Switzerland .
California , Iowa , New Jersey , South Dakota , Mississippi , Montana , Alabama and New Mexico head to the polls on Tuesday .	Follow here for live results .
The first public hearing in the House on Russia 's meddling in US elections will be March 20 , Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said Monday .
If any American has the power of persuasion over North Korea 's defiant young ruler , it might be eccentric ex-basketball star Dennis Rodman .
LaVoy Finicum is killed as authorities arrest a group of people , including Ammon Bundy , involved in the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge .
U.S .	Surgeon General Regina Benjamin announced late Wednesday that she will step down next month after four years in the post .
Dr. Walter Palmer is nowhere to be found .	The Minnesota dentist has gone underground amid an onslaught of criticism after he killed Cecil the lion .
Drinking	`` hot '' or `` burning hot '' tea was associated with a two- to fivefold increase in esophageal cancer , but only in those who smoked cigarettes or drank alcohol .
Maritha Strydom got the news every parent dreads -- not through a phone call , but by reading an article online about her daughter 's death on Mount Everest .
Tonight at 9 PM , Piers Morgan goes toe-to-toe with actor Robert Blake in a sizzling exclusive interview centered around his new memoir , “ Tales of a Rascal :	What I did for Love .
Uganda will lose U.S. funding as punishment for a law signed by President Yoweri Museveni that makes some homosexual acts punishable by life in prison .
A woman hoping to view the solar eclipse from Staten Island , New York , did n't expect to end up in the emergency room with a crescent shape blocking her vision .
Reports a Scottish teenager killed himself after becoming the victim of an alleged Internet blackmail scam have heightened concerns in Britain over online abuse .
From Brexit to # Regrexit -- an online petition demanding a second referendum on Britain 's decision to leave the EU has passed 3 million signatures .
Molly Schuyler gobbled three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three salads , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails to win an eating contest in Texas .
A Massachusetts-area high school football team canceled the rest of its season after someone scrawled a racial epithet on the home of one of its players .
A French soldier who was stabbed Saturday on the western outskirts of Paris was targeted because of his military service , France 's defense minister said .
House Republican leadership is standing by Rep. Steve Scalise , the No . 3-ranking House Republican , in the wake of a firestorm of criticism surrounding his 2002 speech to a white supremacist group .
More than 2 million people will have health insurance under Obamacare beginning with the start of 2014 , the Department of Health and Human Services says .
A photo posted online showing an elderly couple holding hands and crying has been shared thousands of times on Facebook .	The reason is heartbreaking .
General Motors says it will immediately halt operations in Venezuela after its plant in the country was unexpectedly seized by authorities .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has returned to his country after undergoing a second round of chemotherapy in Cuba , state media reported Sunday .
The United Nations observer mission in Syria will expire this weekend and will not be extended , France 's Ambassador to the UN , Gerard Araud , told reporters Thursday .
The victims include two teachers and eight students , authorities say .
[ Updated 10:06 a.m . ET ] People in eastern areas of the Philippine island of Mindanao should evacuate to higher ground after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake triggered a tsunami warning , an official of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said , according to the Philippine News Agency .
( CNN )	- Mitt Romney has named former Utah Gov .	Mike Leavitt to lead his presidential transition team	should he win November 's general election , the Republican presidential candidate 's campaign confirmed Monday .	`` Governor Romney has asked Governor Leavitt to lead the Readiness Project .
Photographs published in the ISIS online magazine Dabiq demand ransom for two hostages , described as prisoners from Norway and China .
A medical doctor-turned Libertarian Senate candidate in Iowa died when a plane he was piloting crashed around 11 p.m. Monday .
Doctors said Sunday that they are `` cautiously optimistic '' that a Massachusetts transit officer wounded in a shootout with the alleged Boston Marathon bombers will recover .
Beijing residents have put up with choking smog , trash-filled rivers and toxic running tracks .	Now they have another concern -- sinking .
Missouri authorities say they will investigate the alleged rape of a collegiate swimmer who died in suicide .
James Comey used a personal Gmail account for official government business while FBI director , the Justice Department 's inspector general said Thursday .
Two Pennsylvania State Police troopers were ambushed just outside the police barracks in Blooming Grove .	One of the troopers was killed .
The act of taking photos may actually diminish what we remember about objects being photographed , a new study says .
Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson , under fire for his handling of the Michael Brown shooting and the aftermath , tells CNN he will not resign .
The night he killed Reeva Steenkamp , Oscar Pistorius did not commit murder , the judge at his trial said Thursday .
Former President Barack Obama , re-emerging into the political fray for a Democratic National Committee fundraiser here on Thursday , had a message for troubled Democrats : Do more than just mope .
Adrian Peterson can play in Sunday 's Vikings game against the Saints , despite facing a child abuse charge .
Just a few weeks after canceling `` Roseanne '' after the show 's star Roseanne Barr posted racist and bizarre tweets , ABC says it is keeping the show alive -- without Barr .
The most visible moment for White House press secretary Sean Spicer on President Donald Trump 's first foreign trip this week was a moment of invisibility .
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz clashed Thursday in their sharpest -- and most personal -- encounters of the campaign season .
There has been no real push by the Clinton campaign to capture Texas , and no major mobilization of Democratic voters on the ground .
Exclusive :	Meredith is in talks with media giant Time Warner to buy most of its Time Inc. publishing business .	By James Bandler , Doris Burke , and Jennifer Reingold Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes ( Updated to include
China has deployed surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the S. China Sea , according to Taiwan and U.S. officials , alarming the country 's neighbors .
Two Ohio correctional officers have been placed on leave as investigators look into the suicide of Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro , a spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction told CNN .
The Supreme Court Monday morning ruled in favor of a death row inmate in a case concerning race discrimination in jury selection
If you look closely at a Google Maps image of Rawalpindi , you 'll see and Android peeing on an Apple logo .
The second day of rescue operations at the cave site in northern Thailand ended after four more boys were brought out of the flooded cave system on Monday .
Tesla has unveiled a suite of new energy products , including a wall-mounted battery that will be sold for use in consumers ' homes .
A man who captured video of the fatal confrontation between New York police and Eric Garner was arrested Saturday night on gun possession charges .
Oregon standoff leader Ammon Bundy says , `` I am not anti-government . ''	That 's why taking a federal loan does n't conflict with his political philosophy , he says .
Alleged prostitute charged in Google exec 's death also being looked at in death of her boyfriend in Georgia , officials say
Investigators have identified a suspect in the death of a western Pennsylvania police officer who was gunned down during a traffic stop .
James DiMaggio -- the California murder suspect who allegedly kidnapped a 16-year-old -- was fatally shot in Idaho , authorities say .	The girl was rescued .
Bill Murray thinks the students of Parkland , Florida , have the ability to enact powerful change .
The Secret Service is pushing back on President Donald Trump 's attorney 's remarks Sunday that there was nothing questionable going on at a meeting last summer between Trump 's eldest son , Donald Trump Jr. , a Russian lawyer and top members of Trump 's campaign .
Kanye West deleted all of his tweets defending his meeting with President Donald Trump sometime between Sunday night and Monday morning .
Protests erupted in Sacramento four days after Stephon Clark , an unarmed black man , was shot by police in his grandmother 's backyard .
States that have legalized marijuana for managing chronic pain may be helping stop an epidemic : prescription painkiller overdoses .
A woman has accused Cristiano Ronaldo , one of the world 's biggest soccer stars , of raping her in a Las Vegas hotel room in 2009 .
Mitt Romney , who touted his business credentials as the Republican nominee , failed to convince voters that he was the man to unseat President Barack Obama .
They 're the king and queen of Olympic track cycling -- and nobody in Rio had any way of dethroning Laura Trott and Jason Kenny on a dramatic Tuesday night at Rio 2016 .
The work of defending President Donald Trump in the media is not for the faint of heart .	His communications director has already resigned and White House press secretary Sean Spicer 's standing is in a constant state of flux .
The cast and crew members involved in the making of the movie that has roiled much of the Islamic world said they were `` grossly misled . ''
An FDA advisory committee greenlights two experimental drugs , alirocumab and evolocumab that could be more potent and carry fewer side effects than statins .
A 15-year-old girl in Little Rock , Arkansas , is dead , police say , because of a prank that went horribly and tragically wrong .
Dylan Thomas , the Georgia high school football player who died after a game last month , succumbed to cardiac arrest stemming from a head injury , the Pike County coroner said in a Tuesday statement .
Eleven U.S. military members were presumed dead Wednesday , according to a U.S. Defense official , after their Army Black Hawk crashed off Florida .
The United Nations Security Council voted to impose a broad array of sanctions against North Korea after the country 's recent nuclear test and missile launch .
A number of New York activist groups still plan to protest at the two companies ' headquarters on Wednesday afternoon .
Two paintings by Vincent Van Gogh stolen in 2002 from an Amsterdam museum have been recovered after a `` massive '' investigation by Italian police into a mafia-linked drug-smuggling group .
Bolivian officials say their country 's presidential plane had to land in Austria after false rumors that Edward Snowden was aboard the aircraft .
They say they are helping dying children and others in need , but thousands of charities actually spend billions helping marketing executives get rich .
A car careened into people who were watching an Oklahoma State University homecoming parade in Stillwater on Saturday , killing four and injuring more than 40 .
The company keeps rolling out new changes to its subscription service .
The US mainland should not breathe a sigh of relief just yet despite early forecasts that Hurricane Maria will remain out to sea .
Read CNN 's 2011 Japan Earthquake - Tsunami earthquake and learn more about the disaster that struck Japan in March of 2011 .
A car wreck vs. a drunk , wrong-way driver : That 's Mike Huckabee 's take on the election just days before final votes are cast .
While hurtling through the cosmos , the last thing an astronaut wants to worry about is what to do when nature calls -- and competition 's winner has a solution .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said President Donald Trump stands by his original apology for his remarks recorded by the infamous `` Access Hollywood '' tape in which he described sexually assaulting women , and that his position has n't changed in the days after The New York Times reported the President had privately questioned the tape 's authenticity .
President Trump promised Americans their insurance options would improve after an executive order loosening restrictions on buying policies across state lines
The New York Times on Thursday issued a correction to an editorial after it was widely criticized for incorrectly linking the 2011 shooting of Rep. Gabby Giffords to a map circulated by Sarah Palin 's political action committee .
Two of Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt 's closest aides at the agency resigned on Wednesday , an EPA official confirms to CNN .
Rapper Andre Johnson severed his penis and jumped from a Los Angeles apartment building early Wednesday , police said .
Wild animal encounter :	An Australian man who got close to a bison was seriously injured at Yellowstone National Park in the second such incident this year .
Boehner vows no deal on budget or debt limit without spending talks with Obama .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Presidential candidate Herman Cain will receive protection from the United States Secret Service , the agency confirms to CNN .	Cain will be the first candidate in the race for the Republican presidential nomination in the 2012 election cycle to be placed under the protection of ...
New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern gave birth to a baby girl Thursday , the first world leader in nearly 30 years to have a child while in office .
An 18-year-old Florida student can return to class after he says he was suspended when school officials learned of his pornographic online photos and videos .
Hillary Clinton said Wednesday she 'll consider `` the most qualified people '' for the Democratic vice presidential nomination -- which would include women .
When Microsoft first demoed Windows 8 at the Wall Street Journal 's D Conference in June 2011 , it was instantly obvious that it was n't a Windows upgrade in the conventional sense .	Instead , with its radically new , touch-centric interface , it was an attempt to reimagine the PC for the post-PC era .	A wildly ambitious attempt — maybe even a visionary one .
Racial abuse is on the rise in post-Brexit Britain , a Conservative British MP said as police confirmed they were investigating several racially motivated crimes .
Special counsel Robert Mueller 's team has reached out to the lawyer for Kristin Davis , famously known as the `` Manhattan madam , '' a source familiar with the matter says .
The anti-establishment right is on a mission in Tuesday 's Republican Senate primary here to save President Donald Trump from himself
Michael Cohen , the longtime personal attorney for President Donald Trump , filed court papers Wednesday indicating he would assert his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination regarding his involvement in a hush money deal involving porn star Stormy Daniels and the President .
The U.S. Coast Guard will try to help break up ice off Antarctica that has ensnared Russian , Chinese ships at the request of those governments and Australia .
Samsung is recalling millions of its new Galaxy Note 7 smartphones worldwide after reports of the devices catching fire while charging .
A young boy takes the stage .	In a shaky voice , he says , `` My name is Royce .	My poem is titled , 'White Boy Privilege . ' ''
A teen from the Chicago suburbs was arrested at O'Hare International Airport over the weekend and accused of attempting to provide aid to ISIS .
( CNN ) --	The top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Select Committee	On Intelligence said Thursday the government 's top-secret court order to obtain phone records on millions of Americans was `` lawful '' and Congress had been briefed on the issue .
Just days after surviving a crash-landing on an airliner , Mohammad Basheer Abdul Khadar , a Dubai-based Indian man is celebrating a $ 1 million lottery win .
The New York Police Department has opened an investigation into Russell Simmons based on media reports of sexual misconduct .
A House Intelligence subcommittee will hear from CIA security officers who are expected to tell a much more detailed story about the terror attack in Benghazi .
Ten people are dead and 15 are injured after the driver of a van plowed into multiple pedestrians in Toronto on Monday in what appears to be a deliberate act , Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said .
FBI :	Aaron Alexis was under `` the delusional belief that he was being controlled ... by extremely low frequency electromagnetic waves '' before Navy Yard shooting .
Washington ( CNN ) - The long-awaited House committee hearing on the Benghazi terror attacks featuring State Department whistle-blowers has started with statements from Rep. Elijah Cummings , of Maryland , the ranking Democrat on the committee , and chairman Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California .
Federal prosecutors have issued grand jury subpoenas to associates of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn seeking business records , as part of the ongoing probe of Russian meddling in last year 's election , according to people familiar with the matter .
Earth to astronaut Tim Peake : Check the phone number before you dial .	Otherwise the person you reach is likely to think you 're some kind of nut case .
President Donald Trump will give `` eye-opening '' remarks Tuesday on US efforts to curb North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , a source familiar with the President 's State of the Union speech said .
David Welch hopped into his maroon Pontiac van last month and drove for hours .	Without expressing where he was going , he kept on driving , police say .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina on Sunday credited President Barack Obama with winning the `` fiscal cliff '' battle , but argued the final deal will likely do little to help the nation 's deficit problem .
A mixture of heroin and fentanyl left more than two dozen people sick Wednesday at the Ross Correctional Institution in Chillicothe , Ohio , officials said .
The Obama administration on Wednesday slammed North Korea 's pugnacious rants toward South Korea .
Doctors Without Borders is demanding an independent investigation of the Kunduz hospital bombing by a never-before-used international commission .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has denied taking money from the Gadhafi family during his 2007 run for France 's highest office
Justice Anthony Kennedy , the man who so often determines the outcome of the most controversial Supreme Court cases , is himself the center of brewing speculation .
If you watched any of President Donald Trump 's rally in Tampa , Florida , Tuesday night , you likely caught a glimpse of people holding up signs with `` Q '' or `` QAnon '' printed on them .
Relatives of Richard Russell say they are `` stunned and heartbroken '' after the airline worker stole a passenger plane Friday from the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport and was killed when he crashed 25 miles away .
Restaurant Brands , the company that owns Burger King and Tim Hortons , is buying Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen for nearly $ 2 billion .	Shares of both companies surge on the news .	The deal is a win for Warren Buffett , too .
Ted Cruz 's campaign is vetting a list of potential vice-presidential choices including Carly Fiorina , an indication that the campaign could choose a running mate while he continues to battle for the GOP nomination .
The famed Irish brewer will switch to a vegan-friendly filtering method from one that uses derivatives of fish bladder .
Musician Kid Rock is insisting his tweet about running for the Senate is no joke , and at least two high-profile Senate Democrats are taking him at his word .
Google showed off a concept design for its long-rumored smart glasses display technology called 'Project Glass . '
Two Pennsylvania State Police troopers were ambushed just outside the police barracks in Blooming Grove .	One of the troopers was killed .
GM announces new CEO Mary Barra due $ 14.4 million in her first year in charge , up 55 % from pay of predecessor Dan Akerson .
Republican investigators for the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday asked Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh about two new allegations against him , according to a transcript of a conference call released by the committee .
The convicted murderers who escaped from an upstate New York prison may have headed to Vermont , authorities said Wednesday .
Sen. Ted Cruz was forced to leave a Washington restaurant Monday after left-wing activists swarmed the senator , heckling him with chants and demanding to know his position on embattled Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh .
The heads of Great Britain , Germany and Israel were there .
US airlines have changed their websites to keep China happy , hours before a deadline for them to do so expired .
Office 2013 and Office 365 are the best versions yet of Microsoft 's suite , but for most users , free rivals will work just fine .
President Donald Trump is proposing giving 1.8 million young undocumented immigrants a pathway to citizenship in exchange for $ 25 billion for his long-promised wall and a host of other strict immigration reforms , according to a White House framework proposed Thursday .
Joyce Mitchell , who allegedly aided a pair of convicted murderers before their brazen escape , has been arraigned on a felony and a misdemeanor .
An emergency repair began earlier this week on a unit at a nuclear power plant in southeastern Ukraine , the country 's Energy Ministry said Wednesday .
President Donald Trump on Tuesday fired FBI Director James Comey , sweeping away the man who is responsible for the bureau 's investigation into whether members of his campaign team colluded with Russia in its interference in last year 's election .
The U.S. Coast Guard fired at an Iranian fishing dhow in the Persian Gulf after the Iranian boat pointed a machine gun at the American crew , the Navy said on Tuesday .
Justin Bieber was under the influence of alcohol , pot and Xanax when he was arrested in Miami Beach last week , police docs say .
A senior National Security Council adviser was reassigned to his old job at the National Defense University , a White House spokeswoman confirmed Sunday , after he criticized the Trump administration 's Latin American policies .
Tears glistened on the black and purple bruises covering 91-year-old Rodolfo Rodriguez 's face as he described being attacked by a group of people while going for a walk on the Fourth of July .
Choosing healthier snacks may soon be easier .	The FDA says updating nutrition labels is a priority this year .
President Donald Trump on Friday refused to disown claims , highlighted by his White House , that British intelligence tapped his phones following a request by President Barack Obama last year , risking a deepening rift with America 's key ally .
Olympic winners in the U.S. are taxed on the bonuses they get and on the value of the actual medals .
The game looked like a blowout -- until the blackout almost changed everything , writes Mike Downey .
A Virginia prosecutor says a grand jury has indicted Lloyd Welch Jr. in the deaths of sisters Katherine and Sheila Lyon , who have been missing since 1975 .
North Korea has warned the United States that it will pay a `` due price '' if harsh sanctions against the country are agreed at a United Nations Security Council meeting on Monday .
Four people who cheered -- allegedly excessively -- for their ones at a high school graduation in Mississippi , say they 're facing excessive punishment .
Police arrested a man carrying an AR-15 rifle , Kevlar vest and ammunition at a Fayetteville , North Carolina , mall .
President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin will sit down for an official bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg on Friday rather than an informal pull-aside meeting .
The gunman who killed five police officers in Dallas was plotting larger attacks , Dallas Police Chief David Brown said Sunday .
The spread of the flu across the United States appears to have slowed in some areas of the nation , but whether it has peaked is unclear .
Ahmed Abu Khatallah has been an enigma since his name first emerged as a possible leader of the Benghazi terrorist attack that killed four Americans .
A skydiver 's historic free-fall from the stratosphere was called off Tuesday due to wind gusts .
Dozens , if not hundreds , of parents separated from their children at the border may have already been deported .
Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson , who shot and killed Michael Brown , is in the final stages of negotiations with city officials to resign , sources say .
Torrential rain in the Florida Panhandle washed out bridges , sent chest-high water into homes and forced three major military bases to shut down Wednesday .
A ranking of the best and worst state flags .
President Donald Trump blamed Democrats for the separation of families at the US border Friday , a response he 's repeatedly made to criticism his administration has faced since it adopted a policy that results in far more children being separated from their parents .
President Barack Obama said Friday that `` left unchecked , we have every reason to believe Gadhafi ( will ) commit atrocities against his own people '' and the surrounding region could be destabilized .
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray announced his resignation Tuesday , hours after new sexual abuse allegations surfaced against the embattled politician .
Pierre Stokes , 25 , faces three counts of aggravated battery with a firearm .	Police say Tyshawn Lee , 9 , was targeted and killed because his dad 's gang ties .
As President Donald Trump continues to publicly criticize Jeff Sessions , one of the attorney general 's former colleagues is promising that if Sessions is fired , there will be `` holy hell to pay . ''
Former President Barack Obama 's tweet reacting to the attack in Charlottesville , Virginia , is the most liked tweet ever on the social network .
Donald Trump on Tuesday once again expressed his preference for keeping dictators in power in the Middle East .
A Delta passenger tried to open an exit door in flight and fought flight attendants before one of them hit him with two wine bottles , a criminal complaint says .
A rare Enigma machine used by the German army during World War II was sold at auction in Bucharest , Romania Tuesday for 45,000 euros ( $ 51,500 ) .
When Dr. Harold Bornstein described in hyperbolic prose then-candidate Donald Trump 's health in 2015 , the language he used was eerily similar to the style preferred by his patient .
Wearing hospital masks and gowns , and waving to family members through protective glass , the freed Thai soccer players were finally able to have a reunion , of sorts .
By Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr	The commander of NATO 's international security force in Afghanistan sacked a senior U.S. Army general Friday for making disparaging comments about the Afghan government .	Gen. John R .
By Jamie Crawford , with reporting from Pam Benson , Deirdre Walsh , Chris Lawrence and Barbara Starr	The Pentagon was caught by surprise Thursday when sensitive information about North Korea 's nuclear program from a classified March 2013 report was `` mistakenly '' declassified and discussed during an ...
Amazon is rolling out a new payments service for recurring charges .
A crisis so dire that families are fleeing to Syria .	A militant threat so strong that U.S. forces are striking from the sky .
A grandmother accused of killing her husband before traveling across the country , killing a woman and impersonating her , has been arrested in Texas , authorities said .
Jericho the lion is alive in Zimbabwe , a researcher confirmed Sunday .	The group that said poachers had killed Jericho retracted its earlier statements .
U.S. President Barack Obama struck a defiant tone in the first speech of his trip to India , saying Saturday that his stay at the Mumbai hotel attacked by terrorists two years ago is `` absolutely '' intended to send a message .
Watch out ,	`` Make America Great Again , '' the delegates at the Republican National Convention are warming up to a new favorite slogan : `` Lock her up . ''
The controversy started after Emily Gipson of Lebanon , Tennessee , posted a YouTube video of her speaking out about bullying and suicide at her high school .
A fireball the size of a small truck , which shot through the sky over Australia Thursday night , was space junk from Russia 's Soyuz rocket , astronomers said .
Four survivors of a deadly helicopter crash in the Grand Canyon on Saturday evening were rescued during an operation that stretched into the early hours of Sunday morning , according to Police Chief Francis E. Bradley Sr. of the Hualapai reservation .
Former President Barack Obama called on members of Congress to oppose the repeal of the Affordable Care Act , his signature health care law , in a speech Sunday night at the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation in Boston .
Staff Sgt .	Ty Carter survived the 2009 battle at Combat Outpost Keating in Afghanistan .	He will receive the Medal of Honor on Monday .
An ATM transaction , a grocery store receipt , a call from a car dealer and videos helped lead police to an abducted Philadelphia woman .
Manuel Antonio Cano Pacheco came to America as a little boy and had a full life in Des Moines , Iowa , his mother said .	He had acquired DACA status , attended high school and had family -- three siblings and a 1-year-old son , she said .
U.S. Olympic sprinter Manteo Mitchell finishes leg of men 's 4x400 relay despite breaking his left fibula .
When it comes to smartphone questions about rape or domestic violence , most digital assistants come up short , according to a new study .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry outlined Sunday a $ 4 billion economic development plan for the West Bank that he hopes will help encourage peace in the region .
The attorney for the teen charged in a Pennsylvania school stabbing rampage says the boy 's family is not dysfunctional -- `` They 're like the Brady Bunch .
A 12-year-old -- one of two students injured in a school shooing in Nevada -- recalls how he was targeted by a classmate he had considered a friend .
Jesus Alfredo Guzman , the 29-year-old son of jailed Mexican drug lord Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman , has been freed after he was kidnapped a week ago in Puerto Vallarta , three sources confirmed to CNN .
It 's either a new , safer era for adult content on the Web or the first step in creating a digital porn ghetto , depending upon who you ask .
Three killed -- including 8-year-old boy -- in bomb blasts near finish line of Boston Marathon , officials say .	Area hospitals say at least 144 are injured , including eight children .	Two explosions happened at about 2:50 p.m .
Twitter said Friday that the accounts belonging to far-right conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and his fringe media organization InfoWars would , for now , remain online .
Former President George H.W .	Bush said Monday that he will vote for Hillary Clinton in November , according to sources close to the 41st President -- an extraordinary rebuke of his own party 's nominee .
The rapid decomposition of Chinchorro mummies in Chile into `` black ooze '' is the result of rising humidity levels , Harvard scientists found .
Infectious disease detectives worldwide rushed Thursday to find the cause of an outbreak of a rare strain of E. coli that has spread to 10 countries and is blamed for at least 16 deaths and hundreds of illnesses .
A Utah teenager who helped a girl hang herself last year was sentenced Friday to between five years and life in prison as part of a plea deal .
( CNN ) - Marriott International , Inc. announced Monday that former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney had rejoined their board of directors , a position he held prior to his White House bid .
More than 200 runners have been disqualified from the Shenzhen half marathon after widespread cheating was uncovered following the race on November 25 , Chinese state-run media Xinhua said .
Stephanie DeSimone was two months pregnant when her husband , Navy Cmdr .	Patrick Dunn , was killed at the Pentagon on September 11 , 2001 .
Rep. Alcee Hastings , citing a dildo law , among other things , has some harsh words for Texas lawmakers .
President Obama admitted he finds the decades-old tradition of pardoning a turkey somewhat `` puzzling . ''
Three teens testified Friday they saw two Steubenville , Ohio , high school football players accused of rape engage in sexual contact with the alleged victim .
In a preview of a major constitutional showdown at the Supreme Court over same-sex marriage , the Obama administration said on Friday that a federal law denying financial benefits to legally	wed gay and lesbian couples is unconstitutional .
Hackers claiming to be from the group Anonymous threatened early Saturday to release sensitive information about the Justice Department .
This time , it 's official : Russia expects North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations .
A defiant President Donald Trump said Friday he was willing to testify under oath about his conversations with James Comey , further fueling the swirling controversy ignited by the fired FBI director 's bombshell testimony before the Senate on Thursday .
A new study has identified 45 chemicals found commonly in house dust , with 10 of them found in 90 % of homes across the United States .
Neither Congress nor the agency in charge of controlling bump stocks appear to be taking steps to outlaw them .
Sen. John McCain pushed back Saturday night against President Donald Trump 's reversal of an agreement to sign onto a statement by the G7 countries , saying that Americans would continue to stand with its historical allies .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk shared the news in an email to employees .
As this weekend revealed Edward Snowden to be the man who leaked details of the National Security Agency 's program to collect data from Americans , on Monday evening `` Piers Morgan Live '' invited Ron Paul to share his reaction : `` He 's [ Snowden ] done a great service , because he 's telling the truth and ...
The shooting of Rep. Steve Scalise and four others at a baseball practice for Republican members of Congress on Wednesday morning in Alexandria , Virginia , was always going to quickly turn to politics .
Donald Trump will meet with Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus Thursday in New York City
GM more than a million midsize crossovers to fix problem with seat-mounted airbag , as well recalls on Cadillac brakes and instrument panel for full-size vans .
Cardinal Donald Wuerl , the embattled archbishop of Washington , will travel to the Vatican `` in the very near future '' to ask Pope Francis to accept his resignation , a spokesman said .
The head of the biggest gun lobby in the US has accused Democrats of pushing a `` socialist '' agenda to deprive gun owners of their weapons .
New York Sen. Chuck Schumer will oppose President Barack Obama 's nuclear deal with Iran , he announced on Thursday evening .
Sears , the once-dominant retail chain that changed how Americans shopped and lived , has filed for bankruptcy .
Chicago ( CNN )	- Abraham Lincoln rose to national prominence in the mid-1800s as a House member from Illinois , a state now affectionately known as the Land of Lincoln , and later as an iconic U.S. president .
It 's been nearly five years since he received a face transplant , but now , Mitchell Hunter is breaking the silence about life after his groundbreaking surgery .
A single ticket sold in South Carolina has won the $ 1.537 billion jackpot -- with an option for one-time cash payment of $ 878 million .
Amanda Knox speaks to CNN two days after an Italian court released an explanation of her conviction .
( CNN ) - Republican House Speaker John Boehner called dangerous Thursday a request from members of his own party in Congress to investigate Muslim infiltration in the U.S. government .
Miami-area lawmakers are proposing adding a 51st star to the American flag by splitting Florida into two states .
Saudi Arabia has taken the rare step of executing a member of its royal family after he was found guilty of murder , the Saudi Interior Ministry said .
President Donald Trump privately told congressional leaders Monday he wants to move forward with an ambitious agenda , including to repeal and replace Obamacare and to pass legislation bolstering the country 's infrastructure .	But he also brought up two past grievances -- mentioning his inauguration crowd size and reiterating an unsubstantiated claim that 3-5 million illegal votes cost him the popular vote , according to two sources familiar with the meeting .
The photo of a baby lying dead between his parents , moments after they were shot in Mexico , is circulating online with the question : `` Is there no indignation ? ''
The tweets that tell the story of Trump 's first year in office
Authorities recovered a body near the Northern California site where an SUV plunged off a cliff last month , killing at least five members of a family and leaving three siblings missing .
Oh , Rickrolling .	Even on Vine , Twitter 's app that lets users shoot and share six-second videos , the Web is never gon na give you up .
A pregnant Irish minor wanting an abortion was placed into a psychiatric clinic against her will , according to a report published by the Child Care Law Reporting Project .
For some Hillary Clinton supporters , November 8 is more than Election Day .	It 's pantsuit day , and they intend to dress accordingly .
Search teams shifted to a different part of the Indian Ocean Friday in their hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane after `` a new credible lead . ''
President-elect Donald Trump said Friday his supporters were `` violent '' during the 2016 campaign .
President Donald Trump said Thursday his first foreign trip later this month will include visits to the Vatican , Israel , and Saudi Arabia , stops that his top aides hope will both combat views of the President abroad and build toward Middle East peace .
Hours after Kameron Prescott 's Christmas party at his Texas school , the 6-year-old boy was fatally shot when deputies opened fire on a suspected car thief , the local sheriff said .
Cabela 's not a cat , but the young pit bull mix apparently had a few lives to spare .
The Humanity Star is orbiting Earth every 90 minutes .
House Intelligence committee Chairman Devin Nunes said Tuesday he has invited FBI Director James Comey to testify again before House investigators .
Severe weather tore across the Southeast , killing two people , injuring more than 100 and spreading damage through several states , emergency officials said .
Brent Underwood , who owns a hostel in Texas , bought the ghost town Cerro Gordo a little over a month after it hit the market .
University of Delaware students are being offered counseling after a student allegedly hid video cameras in restrooms around the university 's Newark campus
Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi was sworn in Wednesday as a lawmaker for the first time , a key step in the country 's recent shift toward democracy .
Tesla posted earnings Wednesday , and Elon Musk 's follow-up call with analysts was ... unconventional .
A major snowstorm slammed the East Coast and snarled the busy holiday travel season Saturday as airports shut down runways , rail service slowed and bus routes were suspended on the last weekend before Christmas .
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio vows to close the Rikers Island jail complex .
China has banned the use of military license plates on expensive cars , according to official state media .
When the Supreme Court meets on Wednesday to hear a challenge to a Texas abortion law -- the first major case to be heard this term with only eight justices -- all eyes will be on Justice Anthony Kennedy .
An apparently agitated passenger attacked a flight attendant on Alitalia Flight 329 from Paris to Rome late Sunday and asked that the flight be diverted to Tripoli , Libya , the airline said .
Donald Trump notched a resounding win in the Nevada caucuses Tuesday , channeling the roiling anger of Republican voters against the establishment .
The man behind the NSA surveillance leak waited out his fate in a Hong Kong hotel room Monday as a likely criminal investigation brewed .
A Yelp executive from Florida fell to her death at the Grand Canyon last week .
A Pacific storm will pour desperately needed rain on California 's historic drought , but schools in San Francisco and Oakland will be closed Thursday .
Former President George W. Bush condemned bigotry and white supremacy Thursday while endorsing policies that run counter to those supported by President Donald Trump .
Walmart has apologized for an offensive slur used by a third party seller in a product listing on its web site .
U.S. Capitol Police shot a Tennessee man Monday afternoon after he pulled out what appeared to be a weapon at the Capitol Visitor Center , law enforcement officials said .
President Donald Trump 's son-in-law and senior adviser , Jared Kushner , had his White House security clearance restored Wednesday , a person familiar with the matter said , after months of uncertainty stemming in part from his role in the ongoing investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller .
President Obama 's serious , pragmatic speech on ISIS met with bloviation from the GOP Congress , which has yet to authorize the fight underway against ISIS .
Flooded rail lines , bigger and more frequent droughts , and a rash of wildfires are predictions in a White House climate change report released Tuesday .
( CNN ) --	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer she does not want to serve a second term as secretary of state or run for president of the United States .	Blitzer sat down with the former 2008 presidential candidate in Cairo .
A 60-foot-wide sinkhole formed under a resort near Disney World in central Florida , forcing guests out as a 3-story building collapsed and another sank
North and South Korean athletes will march together at the Winter Olympics opening ceremony under a unified flag , the South announced Wednesday .
A top adviser to President-elect Donald Trump said Monday he thinks the Russians were involved in election-related hacking of the US -- a very different view than that held by the incoming administration .
Donald Trump said Wednesday that he plans to release his taxes when an IRS audit is completed , despite telling the Associated Press the previous day that he would not release his tax documents .
The hardware is the best I 've used .	The software needs some upgrading .	Samsung Epic 4G with Droid 2 behind it	If you are excited about Sprint 's ( S ) new 4G landscape slider
Ousted Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak is depressed and refusing to eat as he awaits trial on charges of ordering police to kill anti-government protesters , a state news agency reported Tuesday .
Organizers behind the Women 's Convention still feel the Bern -- and for that , they are feeling the backlash .
Meghan Markle 's father , Thomas Markle , told American publication TMZ on Monday that he will not attend his daughter 's wedding to Prince Harry .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ruled out confirming President Barack Obama 's Supreme Court nominee , Merrick Garland , in a lame duck session after November 's election .
President Donald Trump wants to pass an immigration reform bill that could grant legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants living in the US .
Britain 's Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have revealed further details about their wedding -- including how the bride 's parents will be involved , the timing of their honeymoon and how they plan to remember Harry 's mother , Princess Diana .
Kilauea , the long-erupting volcano that destroyed hundreds of Hawaiian homes in an outburst this spring , may be taking a break it has n't had for 35 years .
The hot air balloon that crashed in Texas hit power lines when it went down , the NTSB says , but it 's not clear whether it caught fire before or afterward .
Mel Gibson will not have an acting role in a movie about Jewish historical icon Judah Maccabee , although he may direct the film , Gibson 's representative said Friday .
The Department of Justice announced Wednesday that four people -- including two officers of the Russian Federal Security Service ( FSB ) -- have been indicted in connection to a massive hack of Yahoo information .
President Donald Trump said he wants to meet with NFL players and other athletes who kneel during the National Anthem so they can recommend people they think should be pardoned due to unfair treatment by the justice system .
Amid a number of bills filed in Texas that address the issue of illegal immigration , one , proposed by Republican state Rep. Debbie Riddle , stands out .
Kalashnikov USA to assemble its famous assault rifles in Pompano Beach .
Heavy rains unleashed flash floods and a mudslide that left two missing and one dead in Colorado , police said .
The head of JetBlue is apologizing for a `` confluence of events '' that left a plane filled with passengers stranded on the tarmac at Bradley International Airport near Hartford , Connecticut , over the weekend .
Authorities are looking for whomever abandoned a pet dog , attached to a suitcase , at a train station in Scotland .
In 2016 , the teen birth rate dropped 9 % compared to the previous year , according to a new government report that also tracked prenatal care and birth weight .
Former FBI Director James Comey took to Twitter to weigh in as rumors swirl around the FBI 's reported opposition to a secret memo 's potential declassification .
Google is reportedly planning to launch a censored version of its search engine in China .	It would n't be the first time .
The Australian government has agreed to pay detainees on Manus Island more than $ 70 million ( US $ 52.75 million ) in the `` largest settlement in a human rights class-action '' in the country 's history .
Jason Heyward might have gone 0-for-5 in Game 7 , but his rain delay speech was crucial in helping the Chicago Cubs break the curse and win the World Series .
New Jersey Lt.	Gov .	Kim Guadagno is expected to `` categorically deny '' allegations that she gave Hoboken 's Mayor an ultimatum to support a redevelopment plan
Proton pump inhibitors , including Prilosec , Protonix , Prevacid and Nexium , are used to treat heartburn , but may increase the risk of ischemic stroke , new research shows .
Ohio conservative	Sen .	Rob Portman is reversing his hardline position against gay marriage .	And the reason why is surprising .
More than 130 imams from Britain are refusing to offer Islamic burials to the three men who launched attacks Saturday in London .
Jakelin Caal Maquin died less than 48 hours after Border Patrol agents detained her and other migrants at a remote New Mexico border crossing .	Here is a rundown of the last hours before Jakelin 's death , as told by the Department of Homeland Security .
US authorities have prepared charges to seek the arrest of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , US officials familiar with the matter tell CNN .
During the 90-minute ride of terror , Tamerlan Tsarnaev kept talking .
( CNN ) --	Republican Sen. John McCain -- who has debated both President Barack Obama and GOP nominee Mitt Romney -- weighed in Sunday on the upcoming showdown between the two candidates , saying both candidates will be `` excellent in their own way '' during this year 's first presidential debate on Wednes ...
An Oregon teen will be charged with attempted aggravated murder after he planned to blow up his school , a prosecutor said
The feud between President Donald Trump and Sen. Lindsey Graham over the President 's response to racially motivated protests in Charlottesville , Virginia , continued Thursday , with the South Carolina senator accusing Trump of stoking tensions , a claim Trump called `` a disgusting lie . ''
Police Officer Ryan Macklin has been charged with a number of offenses including first degree rape and second degree assault .
Three people are dead and at least seven others remain unaccounted for after an avalanche Wednesday in the French Alps , a French official said .
A small plane went down in western Kentucky , killing four people -- though a 7-year-old girl somehow survived .
A group of 25 armed and masked men attacked and set fire to a U.N.-sponsored summer camp in Gaza on Monday morning , the U.N .	Relief and Works Agency said .
The Badlands National Park official account tweeted statistics about climate change on Tuesday that could contradict how President Donald Trump 's administration may want to present it .
Former Sen. Joe Lieberman is one of President Donald Trump 's top picks to be nominated as FBI director , Trump said Thursday .
Everything 's bigger in Texas -- and that 's true of the stakes at CNN 's Republican debate in Houston Thursday night , just days before Super Tuesday .
Efforts to locate an Argentine submarine that has been missing since last week have been ramped up dramatically by a multinational search team of boats and planes , the country 's navy says .
It 's turned travel into a nightmare , left regions freezing in bone-chilling darkness , and made snow over the neon lights of Las Vegas a possibility .
Millions of voters went to the polls across the US today in a referendum on President Donald Trump 's first two years in office .	See live updates .
The House of Representatives passed a vote on legislation that could give terminally ill patients the right to seek drugs not fully approved by the FDA .
Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement likely wo n't be a quick , overnight process .
The greenish-brown Pantone 448C is being used on cigarette packs in the UK and Australia .	It 's not the first time the color has been used to as a deterrent .
Two students were killed in a shooting Thursday at Aztec High School in Aztec , New Mexico , state police said on their verified Twitter account , and the suspected shooter is also dead .
Investigators believe San Bernardino shooter Syed Rizwan Farook may have been plotting an earlier attack in California with someone else , officials said .
Five of seven Japanese women who disappeared on a diving excursion off the Indonesian island of Bali last week were found alive and rescued Monday afternoon .
The number of pregnant women in the United States reported to have the Zika virus has more than tripled , from 48 to 157 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
Three deaths weeks apart but in the same North Carolina hotel room have been blamed on carbon monoxide poisoning .
Sean Spicer said `` of course '' he regrets the time he trashed the press for reporting accurately on President Donald Trump 's Inauguration Day crowd , The New York Times reported .
The US has withdrawn an invitation to China to participate in what has been described as the world 's largest international maritime warfare exercise , the Pentagon said on Wednesday .
A Georgia shrimper catches only the second goblin shark on record in the Gulf of Mexico .
Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon will campaign with embattled Judge Roy Moore next week ahead of the vote in Alabama 's neck-and-neck US Senate race .
At least 13 inmates at a Venezuela prison , all of whom were on hunger strike , have died after a drugs binge , according to officials .
Doctors frequently recommend acetaminophen , commonly found in over-the-counter pain relievers including Tylenol , to pregnant women for treating mild pain .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Sen. Chuck Schumer , a key Democrat and Jewish lawmaker , said a Monday meeting with Secretary of Defense nominee Chuck Hagel helped him overcome his reservations about some of the nominee 's past comments .
Mitt Romney met privately with leading conservative columnist William Kristol this week to discuss how best to get an independent candidate into the presidential race .
Michigan 's health department said Monday that a person in that state had the bubonic plague , one of what is now 14 such cases reported nationwide in 2015 .
Millions of voters went to the polls across the US today in a referendum on President Donald Trump 's first two years in office .	See live updates .
A federal jury convicted a former peanut company owner Friday in a landmark case linked to a deadly salmonella outbreak .
Amazon has successfully invented a new shopping holiday and is set to capitalize on the rewards .
Burmese security forces backed by Buddhist monks have `` committed crimes against humanity '' in a campaign of ethnic cleansing that has displaced more than 125,000 Rohingya Muslims in the southwest of the country , according to a new report from Human Rights Watch .
A large asteroid is hurtling toward Earth -- but there 's no need to run for cover .
Al Qaeda fighters attack prison in Yemeni city of Al Mukallah , freeing 270 prisoners , some with al Qaeda links , security officials tell CNN .
One person was killed Wednesday evening when a ride malfunctioned at the Ohio State Fair
Melinda Coleman and her daughter , Daisy , say the residents of Maryville , Missouri , turned on them after the girl reported being raped .
The Justice Department and Credit Suisse are poised to enter into a agreement to settle a long-running probe into alleged tax evasion by the its U.S. clients , according to people familiar with the agreement .
One Florida chain of restaurants is levying a surcharge on customers to pay for Obamacare , while an L.A. eatery is asking diners to pay for employees ' health insurance .
Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II will miss a service celebrating the Commonwealth Monday , as she continues to recover from an illness that left her hospitalized last week , Buckingham Palace announced in a statement .
Charges against adult film actress Stormy Daniels for allegedly touching three undercover detectives while performing at an Ohio strip club were dismissed Thursday , her attorney said .
Scientists believe they have discovered the first examples of air pollution traveling through the bloodstream of pregnant women and into their placentas , possibly reaching their fetuses .
The Clinton Foundation confirmed Thursday that it received as much as $ 26.4 million in previously unreported payments for speeches given by the Clintons .
Floyd Corkins pleaded guilty to shooting a Family Research Council employee , saying he wanted to intimidate gay rights opponents .
Mitt Romney said in a video announcement Friday that he will run for the US Senate from Utah , setting out on a glide path to Washington where he will likely play a central role driving the direction of the fractious Republican Party .
Donald Trump has won his party 's trust on top issues more than any other Republican presidential candidate , according to a new CNN/ORC poll .
A CDC committee recommended Flumist , the nasal spray influenza vaccine , should not be used in any setting in the upcoming flu season .
CEO Richard Anderson did not mean to link the gulf carriers with the 9/11 terrorists , Delta said Wednesday .
Criminal complaint : After being tackled , a teen accused of a mass school stabbing said , `` My work is not done , I have more people to kill . ''
In his first foreign trip as President , Donald Trump will visit the homelands of Judaism , Christianity and Islam , as well as the Vatican , where he will meet the Pope .
Mickey Rooney 's widow is contesting a will the actor signed just weeks before his death .
Potential 2012 GOP presidential candidate Tim Pawlenty is a guest tonight on `` Piers Morgan Tonight '' and he responds to today 's poll that puts him at just 2 % ( compared to Donald Trump at 19 % ) .	`` Our trajectory is kind of a tortoise and hare strategy , '' he tells Piers Morgan .
The funeral of slain teen Michael Brown was a celebration of his life , a search for meaning in his death and a battle cry to change policing in America .
AirlineRatings.com has named its best airlines of 2017 , with Qantas , Singapore Airlines and Etihad all placing high on the leaderboard .
( CNN ) -	Former first couple George W. and Laura Bush said Sunday they were `` elated '' at the news their daughter Jenna had given birth to a girl .	`` Laura and I are thrilled to announce the birth of our grandchild , Margaret Laura 'Mila ' Hager , '' the first-time grandparents wrote in a statement , noting ...
On the surface , the Texas nurse seemed to have all the resources needed to protect herself from Ebola .	But yet she still contracted the disease .
Despite a 23-year campaign urging that babies be put to bed on their backs , only 43.7 % of US mothers report that they both intend to use this method and actually do so all the time .
Hundreds of planes flying commercially today could be vulnerable to having their onboard computers hacked and remotely taken over by someone using the plane 's passenger Wi-Fi network , or even by someone on the ground , according to a new report from the Government Accountability Office .
Tropical Storm Nate killed 20 people in Nicaragua , Costa Rica and Honduras on Thursday , officials said .
Humanitarian groups criticize an EU-Turkey proposal that would see Turkey take back all migrants who made it to Greece from its shores .
As unrest in Baltimore again focuses attention on race relations in America , President Barack Obama plans to re-launch	his My Brother 's Keeper Initiative .
I 've been a journalist for 17 years , says Brooke Baldwin .	People need to hear all kinds of views , but demeaning women for the hell of it is never OK .
Police were called to an apartment in Sydney Saturday to respond to calls reporting domestic abuse .	Instead they found a man alone , terrified of a spider .
President Obama will announce on Monday an expansion of a program that helps student loan borrowers manage their debt , a White House official said .
The Trump administration on Saturday revealed its plan to make it harder for immigrants to come to or stay in the United States if they or their family may use certain public benefits .
A member of the Raiderettes -- `` Football 's Fabulous Females '' -- filed suit against the Oakland Raiders football team on Wednesday .
Donald Trump is trying to clean up a racially charged controversy Monday after he refused to disavow former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke over the weekend .
Melodie Gliniewicz is the wife of	Fox Lake Police Lt.	Joe Gliniewicz , who killed himself .	Officials say he stole from charities and accuse his wife of helping .
After arduous talks that spanned 20 months , negotiators have reached a landmark deal aimed at reining in Iran 's nuclear program .
The top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee said Sunday he did not believe no one told President Donald Trump about a meeting last year between top members of his campaign and a Russian lawyer .
Michigan Gov .	Rick Snyder says the number of cases of Legionnaires ' disease has risen sharply in Genesee County since Flint switched its water supply .
General Electric , mired in a deep slump , has ousted CEO John Flannery after barely a year on the job .
Northwestern professor Wyndham Lathem , a suspect in the stabbing of cosmetologist Trenton Cornell-Duranleau , apologizes in a video sent to family , police say .
Defense Secretary James Mattis is expected to sign deployment orders as soon as Thursday that could send 800 or more troops to the border with Mexico to help border patrol authorities stop a caravan of migrants from Central America moving through Mexico to enter the US , according to three administration officials .
The teen who was declared brain-dead after a December 2013 surgery sparking a debate about brain-death , died June 22 from complications associated with liver failure .
A Comic-Con attendee stabbed another near the eye with a pen Saturday after they got into an argument over whether one was sitting too close to the other , police said .
A Justice Department official said Monday the United States was `` deeply disappointed '' with the decision by Switzerland 's Justice Ministry to free filmmaker Roman Polanski instead of extraditing him to America to face sentencing for unlawful sex with a child .
Breaking news and analysis from CNN on the President 's televised address to the nation on the threat from ISIS .
Danny has strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane with winds of 80 mph , according to the National Hurricane Center .
Mohammad Youssuf Abdulazeez , 24 , opened fire at two military centers in Chattanooga , Tennessee , the FBI said .	Four Marines were killed .
Clay Duke sat quietly through the first portion of the Bay District Schools , Florida , school board meeting Tuesday afternoon as local children were honored for their achievements .
Trevor Noah started to row the boat without rocking the boat on his first night as Jon Stewart 's successor on `` The Daily Show . ''
President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban `` bump stocks '' -- a firearm accessory used to more rapidly fire rounds
( CNN ) --	Christine O'Donnell , former Delaware GOP Senate candidate , walked off the set of CNN 's `` Piers Morgan Tonight '' Wednesday when asked about her views on sexual abstinence and gay marriage .	`` I 'm not talking about policies .	I 'm not running for office , '' O'Donnell said .
The U.S. ambassador to Syria visited the embattled town of Hama Thursday as part of what the State Department called an effort to show U.S. support for Syrians fighting for democracy .
Oklahoma and Kentucky teachers are walking off the job Monday and holding rallies in their state capitols to pressure lawmakers .	Follow here for the latest
Coming to the Mile High City this weekend was the perfect 65th birthday present for Karen Stevenson .	She and her husband drove out of the Bible Belt to experience , for the first time , what it 's like to buy and smoke weed legally .
The singer , actress and entrepreneur has been appointed `` Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary '' to her home country of Barbados .
Pakistani Prime Minister Gilani said there would be `` No more business as usual '' in Pakistan-U.S relations Monday , after NATO aircraft killed Pakistani soldiers .
( CNN )	- No one has emerged spotless from the debt-ceiling debate , according to a survey conducted in the aftermath of the agreement to raise the nation 's debt ceiling .
A Pakistani court has ordered a jailed American diplomat to remain in custody for 14 more days , authorities said Friday .	The man 's lawyer then filed a petition calling for his immediate release , saying he is covered under diplomatic immunity .
Survey after survey shows women lack confidence about investing , but Fidelity finds females have as good if not better performance than men .
A new internal document obtained by CNN shows the Transportation Security Administration 's proposal to eliminate screening at more than 150 small to medium sized airports is just one of several cost-saving measures the agency is discussing .
A man in Anchorage , Alaska , pleaded guilty to assaulting a woman who said he strangled her unconscious and sexually assaulted her .
( CNN )	- Two Republican lawmakers are asking a government agency to look into a recent trip to Cuba by Beyoncé and Jay-Z , suggesting the superstar couple violated restrictions on travel to the communist island .
French police had no grounds on which to arrest Mohammed Merah before his killing spree , PM Francois Fillon told French radio Friday .
Boko Haram militants raided a series of Nigerian villages last week , leaving hundreds of bodies scattered everywhere , officials said .
Jon Stewart launched a stinging new round of criticism against Donald Trump on Monday , calling the presumptive Republican presidential nominee a thin-skinned hypocrite who ridicules political rivals and minorities but implodes when faced with even a minor slight .
LaVar Ball denies being in a feud with President Donald Trump , but repeatedly refused to issue a `` thanks '' to the President for his involvement in the release of his son from China .
Union grocery stores have seen success because of personable and hard-working employees ; taking Whole Foods workers out of the equation wo n't work for Amazon , writes Marc Perrone
A massive tornado has struck a suburb of Oklahoma City .	Details of destruction are coming in thick and fast from CNN crews , our affiliates and witnesses .
University of California officials said Tuesday they will pay the medical expenses of students who were pepper sprayed during an Occupy Davis protest last week .	Authorities have also decided to drop charges against 10 people who were arrested during the Friday protest on the campus of UC Davis .
When Sarah Sims ' daughter complained she was being bullied in elementary school , the Virginia mother grew concerned .
Conditions for the rescue of passengers off a ferry that caught fire in the Adriatic Sea could hardly have been worse .	At least 10 people died
A college baseball player who was partially paralyzed in an outfield collision this year was selected Wednesday by the Texas Rangers on the third day of Major League Baseball ’ s draft .
The Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab launched a Ramadan offensive Monday amid spreading famine in Somalia , the African Union said .
Most people assume that automatic citizenship conferred upon those born in U.S. has always been a constitutional , and therefore immutable , right .	Is it ?
A view of the ‘ Restoring Honor ’ crowd .	( PHOTO CREDIT :	Simon Hernandez-Arthur /CNN )	Washington ( CNN )	-- If you ’ ve ever tried to guess how many jelly beans are inside a huge jar , you have some idea what it ’ s like to estimate crowds at massive Washington D.C. rallies .
Finally , after days of listing on a disabled Carnival cruise ship , thousands of passengers finished disembarking early Friday morning .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , who has publicly avoided criticizing President Donald Trump 's remarks on Charlottesville , is privately upset with the President 's handling of the episode , according to a source close to the Kentucky Republican .
The haul of Trump-shaped drugs is worth tens of thousand of euros .
The JPMorgan Chase CEO says the government and the media are ignoring what really ails America .
Barack Obama has met with several Democrats considering running for president in 2020 , a Democrat close to the former president tells CNN , offering them advice on running in the Trump era and discussing how to position the party going forward .
It was a telltale sign the party was coming to an end : The police showed up .
The `` presidential alert '' headed to Americans ' cell phones wo n't actually be written by President Donald Trump , the Federal Emergency Management Agency said Tuesday .
Twelve Alabama students were injured Tuesday when a Ford Expedition taking part in a Mardi Gras parade plowed into a marching band ahead of it , officials said .
Hundreds of candidates are vying to become Iran 's next president , with hopefuls ranging from friends to foes of current President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Bowe Bergdahl received a dishonorable discharge but no prison time for desertion and misbehavior before the enemy after abandoning his outpost in Afghanistan 2009 , a military judge ruled .
Walmart says mischief was behind an eyebrow-raising store display that popped up inside one of its locations this week .
By Fareed Zakaria	In a strange act of historical coincidence , it is 60 years ago this week that Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev handed the Crimea over to the Ukraine .	It might not have seemed a big deal in those days – everyone was part of one big , unhappy Soviet Union .
Norwegian speaks out after being handed a 16-month prison sentence in Dubai -- after she went to police to report she had been raped .
The Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence sues Nelson , Georgia , a town that passed an ordinance in April requiring every head of household to have a gun and ammo
Nike says it is cooperating with authorities who brought bribery and corruption charges involving FIFA , but indictments raise questions over its role .
When `` Girl with Balloon '' self-shredded after selling at auction last week , it looked like the perfect stunt .	But the anonymous artist has now suggested that things did n't go quite to plan .
A Secret Service officer assigned to the White House was arrested after he was caught in a sting sending naked pictures of himself to someone he thought was a 14-year-old girl from Delaware , according to a criminal complaint unsealed Thursday .
Amazon just had its greatest holiday season ever .	And the retail giant had some fun detailing just how great it was .
Michael Bloomberg , the billionaire former New York City mayor and potential 2020 presidential candidate , announced Wednesday that he re-registered as a Democrat , saying the party must `` provide the checks and balances our nation needs so badly . ''
Can Obama force action on some of his priorities , or will 2014 instead be remembered as another year of gridlock and the gateway to `` lame duck '' status ?
( CNN )	-- Republican Christine O'Donnell sounded a defiant tone the day after losing her Delaware Senate bid to Democrat Chris Coons , calling her loss a `` symptom of Republican cannibalism .
Wineland , 21 , captivated millions of people around the world with her honest talk about illness and mortality while living with cystic fibrosis .
Brittany Murphy , the bubbly , free-spirited actress who appeared in such films as `` Clueless '' and `` 8 Mile , '' died Sunday , apparently of natural causes , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office said .	She was 32 .
Editor 's Note :	Stephen Prothero , a Boston University religion scholar and author of `` God is Not One : The Eight Rival Religions that Run the World , '' is a regular CNN Belief Blog contributor .
New photos show snow-capped dunes in Algeria 's Ain Sefra
Editor 's note : We 're live blogging from the Supreme Court today as the nation waits to see whether the justices will hand down rulings on the controversial health care and immigration laws .
Researchers hope DNA testing and the reconstruction of facial remains will reveal more about the real `` Mona Lisa . ''
The Trump administration is working to kill a bipartisan deal on immigration that could be the best chance to get a bill through the Senate
A prolonged undersea search for the missing Malaysian jetliner could cost nearly a quarter billion U.S. dollars
Seven men , including two police officers , were indicted for conspiracy to commit murder in the killing of former Pakistani PM Benazir Bhutto , an attorney said .
A closely divided Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state of Texas on Tuesday night , freezing a lower court opinion that had invalidated two congressional districts and state house districts in four counties .	The ruling means the current state electoral maps will stay in effect pending appeal .
Speaking with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton fired back at President Obama 's criticism .
It was a small moment , buried in the news of President Trump 's brief audience yesterday at the Vatican with the Pope : the pontiff blessed first lady Melania Trump 's rosary .
Cleveland Police are seeking a suspect who posted video of a homicide on Facebook , authorities said .
The US military 's F-35B joint strike fighter conducted its first-ever airstrike on Thursday , according to the US Marine Corps and three US defense officials .
BP is doing all it can to respond to the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico , a top BP official said Monday , even as criticism of the company 's handling of the crisis was growing .
The parents of a 16-year-old , pregnant Texas girl agreed Monday not to coerce her to have an abortion , an anti-abortion group says .
A suspected Russian spy was employed for more than a decade at the US Embassy in Moscow before being fired last year , a senior administration official tells CNN .
( CNN ) --	After repeatedly pinning the president for the unemployment level , which now sits at 8.1 % , Mitt Romney pledged he could cut the rate by two points if he makes it to the White House .
Note : This story contains spoilers from the first three episodes of Hulu 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale . ''
An ugly Senate campaign in Kentucky grew even uglier Sunday as Democrat Jack Conway and Republican Rand Paul faced off in a debate that devolved into a name-calling session rather than a give-and-take on the issues facing the state 's voters .
President Donald Trump said Saturday that he is not worried about what his former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , might tell special counsel Robert Mueller 's team as it investigates Russia 's efforts to influence last year 's election .
Kanye West is trying to make amends for comments about slavery that found him at the center of controversy earlier this summer .
A multistate outbreak of salmonella linked to pre-cut melon has sickened at least 60 people , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Saturday .	A recall has affected eight states , the CDC said .
As the death toll from Syria 's almost year-long uprising continues to climb , Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem vowed to defend his country 's `` independence . ''
ISIS militants launched about 15 near-simultaneous attacks on Kurdish forces in northern Iraq on Monday , Kurdish government officials said .
Two Kentucky women have pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting a kidnapping and hate-crime assault involving a gay man , the Justice Department announced Friday .
A fire broke out at Trump Tower on Saturday , leaving one man dead and six firefighters injured , the New York City Fire Department said .
A new report on antibiotics in fast food burger chains gave two A grades ; the other 23 got D minus or F .
South Korea has elite troops on standby ready to assassinate Kim Jong Un if the country feels threatened by North Korean nuclear weapons , the country 's defense minister revealed this week .
President Trump 's decision to remove chief strategist Steve Bannon from the National Security Council 's principals committee suggests a potentially significant change in the power balance among the four top White House advisers .
A cigarette smuggling scheme that cost New York state millions of dollars in sales tax revenue may have raised funds for militant groups , authorities said .
A day after a bombing injured 29 people in New York City , videos show the same man near the explosion site and another location where pressure cooker found .
Powerball said Friday the new estimated jackpot is $ 800 million .	The drawing is on Saturday night .
( CNN )	-- Mitt Romney found himself taking hits from both a Republican rival and Democrats Friday over his stance on climate change , which both sides said had changed over the course of a few months .
Ana , the first Atlantic tropical storm of the season , weakened as it hit South Carolina early Sunday .
President Barack Obama says he does n't consider North Korea 's hack of Sony Pictures `` an act of war . ''
Wednesday 's prime time GOP debate averaged 23.1 million viewers , making it the most-watched program in CNN 's history .	The 6 p.m. `` undercard '' debate drew 6.3 million viewers .
A Houston forensic artist says she 's sure an old tintype owned by a Washington state family is that of Jesse James and his eventual killer , Robert Ford .
Jun Ying , a former Equifax executive , has been charged with insider trading by the SEC .
Sudanese war planes crossed a disputed border region to launch airstrikes in South Sudan on Monday , a witness and the military said .
Iowans at a town hall waded into awkward territory on Monday evening as Ted Cruz tackled a question on contraceptives .
Nearly a year into President Donald Trump 's administration , senior-level staffers -- including Ivanka Trump , Jared Kushner and Rob Porter -- remained on interim clearances even as other senior advisers were granted full security access , according to information obtained by CNN from a US government official .
Donald Trump came under fire Friday morning for his handling of a question at a town hall about when the U.S. can `` get rid '' of Muslims , for failing to take issue with that premise and an assertion that President Barack Obama is Muslim .
In retrospect , we should have all seen it coming .
NAACP chapter president Rachel Dolezal resigns but does n't address controversy surrounding questions about her race .
Papa John 's said same-store sales declined 6.1 % in North America in the second quarter because of controversy surrounding founder John Schnatter 's use of a racial slur .
Covering unexpected expenses and preparing for retirement are among American 's biggest financial challenges according to a new Federal Reserve study .
Former Penn State assistant football coach Sandusky insists in an interview	he is innocent of charges that he sexually abused young boys .
Mealworms have microgramisms in their gut that can biodegrade Styrofoam .	Researchers believe this may help with plastic waste .
[ cnn-photo-caption image= http : //i2.cdn.turner.com	/cnn/2010/images/07/14/art.steele.file.gi.jpg caption = ''	RNC chairman Michael Steele opened up to a Republican donor who turned out to be a conservative journalist .
No , the circus is not in town but a spate of creepy clown sightings have people around the world on edge .
A Sacramento County sheriff 's deputy struck a protester with his patrol SUV as she and others gathered in the street to denounce the killing of Stephon Clark , then left the scene , according to video of the incident .
In an ambitious application of 21st century technology brought to bear on a first century wonder , the Israel Antiquities Authority and internet search giant Google Tuesday announced a plan to digitize the Dead Sea Scrolls and make the entire collection available to the public online .
There 's little water or food , and passengers are waiting to get out .
For the first time in a decade , Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas spoke during oral arguments .
A series of missteps prevented a nuclear disaster after two bombs accidentally dropped in North Carolina in 1961
Millions of high school-aged girls and women engage in binge drinking , which the CDC warns could lead to long-term effects or injuries .
Barack Obama may be the President of the United States , but for a few minutes on Monday , he was also Stephen Colbert , outgoing host of `` The Colbert Report . ''
House Speaker John Boehner will travel to Jerusalem sometime in the next two weeks to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , a top Israeli government official told CNN Friday .
It takes a special person to join Mensa .
South Korean Prime Minister Chung Hong-won announced his resignation Sunday , taking responsibility for the slow initial response to the ferry accident .
Welcome to today 's live blog of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel 's testimony before the House Armed Services Committee.	He 'll testify about the United States ' ...
Former President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday mounted a staunch defense of their brand of liberal global democratic politics amid a surge of populist feeling around the world .
A new video released by ISIS warns of new attacks on the West .
Your tattoo can prevent the Apple Watch from sending notifications , placing calls and using Apple Pay .
Spacey made the set of Netflix 's `` House of Cards '' into a `` toxic '' work environment through a pattern of sexual harassment
A baggage handler for Delta Air Lines moved a lot more than just luggage , authorities say -- he also helped smuggle guns .
Colton Harris-Moore , the `` Barefoot Bandit , who gained a large Facebook following and snagged a movie deal after a crime spree , is about to be freed from prison .
FBI :	Robert Curtis Doyle and Ronald Beasley Chaney III tried to buy weapons and explosives in an undercover operation .	Charles Daniel Halderman also arrested .
Chick-fil-A 's WinShape Foundation no longer funds the most politically charged anti-same-sex-marriage groups and has not since 2011 , according to Campus Pride .
White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller is being considered for an elevated communications role , a White House official tells CNN .
Jerry Parr , a Secret Service agent who helped save a wounded Ronald Reagan during a 1981 assassination attempt , has died , his wife said Friday .	He was 85 .
New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras was sworn in Wednesday as Greece 's new prime minister , following months of political uncertainty .
Years before his county experienced the Umpqua Community College rampage , Sheriff John Hanlin posted a link to a Sandy Hook conspiracy video .
Apple also launched new 9.7 inch iPad for $ 329 .
Mount Everest was moved 3 centimeters southwest by the magnitude-7.8 earthquake that devastated Nepal in April , Chinese authorities say .
Roy Moore 's brother is defending the GOP Senate candidate `` to the hilt '' amid the escalating controversy over allegations of sexual misconduct against him .
From CNN ’ s Abby Livingston and Joe Von Kanel Washington ( CNN ) -- Joe Miller is giving up , but he isn ’ t standing down .	He also needs Senator Lisa Murkowski ’ s phone number .	Miller won Alaska ’ s Republican U.S .
Counsel for international economist Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who is jailed on sexual assault charges , filed a new appeal on Wednesday seeking his release on bail from Rikers Island .
Nursing mother Lauren Modeen has taken to Twitter to ask why Delta Air Lines forced her to check her breast pump .
The Hawaii State Department of Health has confirmed six cases of rat lungworm disease on the island of Maui and three on the Big Island over the past three months .
A judge in Illinois on Friday will hear a lawsuit challenging Ted Cruz 's eligibility to serve as president .	Cruz maintains he is indeed a natural-born citizen .
NASA scaled back operations on the International Space Station on Wednesday after discovering a problem with a cooling system .
Iraqi forces have started an operation to retake the ISIS stronghold of Falluja , an Iraqi military spokesman says .
Paul Manafort and his lawyers have visited Mueller 's office at least nine times in the last four weeks , a strong indication that the special counsel is moving at a steady clip
A judge declared a mistrial October 16 , 2017 , in the case of a Mississippi teenager who was burned to death three years ago .	The jury failed to reach a verdict .
The U.N. Security Council is expected to meet on Saturday and vote on a resolution that would expand the size of a U.N. monitoring mission in Syria .
Ivanka Trump said Monday she is surprised by the `` viciousness '' of the media covering her father 's presidency , referring to the growing `` cloud '' of distractions resulting from the Russia probe .
Tom Hanks ' jury duty led to a reduced charge in a domestic violence case , says defense attorney Andrew Flier .
The chairman of a company whose train barreled into a small town told a newspaper its brakes may have been inadvertently disabled .
“ Everywhere I go , there are all these Big Star freaks , and they ’ re nice little guys who are usually in college , and they ’ re kind of lonely and misunderstood , learning to play guitar .
Darron Dellon Dennis Wint is charged with first-degree murder in the case of three family members and their housekeeper found dead in Washington .
The proliferation of e-scooters in cities and on campuses around the country is raising health and safety issues as disruptor companies set up services incredibly fast -- without working out a plan with transportation officials first , writes Ford Vox .
A man armed with explosives and a rifle might have entered a Georgia courthouse if not for a deputy who was wounded in a shootout with the gunman , sheriff says .
Hillary Clinton blamed Vladimir Putin for the hacking of Democratic organizations during the 2016 election , telling donors that the Russian President 's involvement stemmed from a `` personal beef against me . ''
An Egyptian man was sentenced to three years in prison for saying some of the nation 's married women are unfaithful , state media reported .
Aerial spraying for mosquitoes carrying the Zika virus was completed early Friday in the Miami-area , despite concerns over possible effects of insecticide Naled .
Restoring Elvis Presley 's rusting Lockheed JetStar will require a heap of cash and a hunk of burning love .	The King 's private jet has been sitting in New Mexico for 36 years .
The father of a missing Colorado 13-year-old was arrested Saturday in connection with the boy 's 2012 death , the La Plata County Sheriff 's Office said .
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders angrily clashed over auto industry bailouts , guns , political battles from the 1990s and ties to Wall Street on Sunday , as underlying tensions in the Democratic presidential race burst into the open at an impassioned CNN debate in Flint , Michigan .
Ben Carson on Friday sought to explain his controversial comments this week that the Holocaust could have been lessened if citizens had more guns .
Allan Levene really -- really -- wants to serve in Congress .
Authorities have spotted two objects in Indian Ocean that are possibly related to the search for missing plane
Ben Carson gave a tepid explanation of his decision to endorse Donald Trump on Monday , saying even if Trump `` turns out not to be such a great president ...	we 're only looking at four years . ''
French gangster Redoine Faid , the subject of an international manhunt after his brazen escape from prison last month , is back in custody , government says .
A historically black college in south Florida is giving the slain teen a degree in aeronautics .
Carlos Slim , the Mexican telecom tycoon worth over $ 80 billion , thinks life would be better with a three-day work week .
Amazon bought Whole Foods -- now it 's going to lower prices .
A pair of inmates from Georgia suspected of killing two corrections officers during their escape from a prisoner bus this week have been captured in Tennessee after a chase that involved gunfire , authorities said .
( CNN ) --	Newt Gingrich tops the field of Republican presidential candidates by double digits in three of the four states to first hold contests in the race for the GOP nomination , according to new surveys in those states .
James Gandolfini probably died of a heart attack , according to the head of a Rome hospital 's emergency department where the actor was taken .
Taylor Swift is helping a fan of hers in need .	The singer donated $ 15,500 to a GoFundMe page that is raising money for the family of a mother , Lauriann Bartell , who has been in a coma for the past three years .
The mother of Kenneth Bae , the American imprisoned in North Korea , has arrived in the country to visit her ailing son , according to a friend of the family .
Pakistan will return the tail of a U.S. helicopter Tuesday that was damaged during the raid that killed terror leader Osama bin Laden , a move that is part of a process to improve cooperation between the two nations , Sen. John Kerry said .
A 9,000-year-old skull found in Brazil may be the oldest case of ritual decapitation in the New World , scientists say .
President Donald Trump said Thursday `` a little negotiation '' is needed to add more heart to the `` very good '' health care bill , as Senate Republicans finally publicly released their legislation .
Ohio authorities are looking for a man who stabbed a 7-year-old girl at a school playground in Dayton .
The asteroid Chariklo has rings , astronomers reported in the journal Nature .	That makes it the first asteroid ever found to have rings .
Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells told CNNMoney that his restaurants are removing GMO ingredients from its food .
Ben Carson threw his support behind Donald Trump Friday morning , saying the two men had `` buried the hatchet '' and praising the Republican Party 's front-runner as a `` the voice of the people to be heard . ''
The Justice Department issued a defense of President Donald Trump 's controversial appointment of Matt Whitaker as acting attorney general Wednesday , offering several reasons why the appointment is consistent with the Constitution , federal statutes and past precedent .
US swimmers Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz were removed from their flight from Rio de Janeiro to the United States by Brazilian authorities , US Olympic Committee spokesman Patrick Sandusky told CNN Sports contributor Christine Brennan .	Earlier this week , the two swimmers were with teammates Ryan Lochte and James Feigen , who are wanted for questioning by Brazilian police after questions were raised over their accounts of being robbed .
If you want to use Facebook a little more like Snapchat , you might soon get your chance .
Firefighters went door-to-door urging some residents of Leilani Estates on Hawaii 's Big Island to leave as lava from the Kilauea volcano continued to flow , threatening more homes .
The long list of stolen items sounds like an arachnophobe 's nightmare .
Boko Haram seems set on two goals : the destruction of Nigeria and creating its twisted version of God 's Kingdom on Earth .
Colorado had the highest percentage of adults meeting federal exercise guidelines with 32.5 % doing so , according to the report .	Mississippi at just 13.5 % , was significantly lower than the national average of 23 % .
Was Kris Maharaj framed for a Pablo Escobar-ordered murder in Florida ?
It should be tall , climb-resistant , difficult to penetrate and blend into the landscape .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Former President Bill Clinton will play a prominent role at the Democratic convention in Charlotte by giving a major speech and placing President Barack Obama 's name into nomination , the Democratic National Convention Committee announced on Tuesday .
What 's the dirtiest , most germ-filled place in an airport ?	The bathrooms ?	Waiting areas ?	The parking garage ?	You might be surprised to learn the results of a study from Helsinki-Vantaa airport in Finland .
Authorities in Oklahoma have arrested and charged a 23-year-old man who they say planned to blow up 48 area churches .
Debris found off the coast of Reunion Island is being examined to see if it is related to the 2014 disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 .
For President Richard Nixon , the controversy over his secret White House tape recordings began with a break-in at the Watergate Hotel .	If President Donald Trump is also keeping recordings of his conversations , any controversy over those will have begun with a tweet .
Arizona governor Doug Ducey has launched a controversial new initiative to publicly shame suspected `` deadbeat dads , '' tweeting out their names and faces using a social media account operated by a state agency .
A Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police officer suffered injuries during protests Tuesday night following an officer-involved shooting .
A Nostrum Pharmaceuticals executive defended his company 's recent 400 % nitrofurantoin price increase , telling the Financial Times that it had a `` moral requirement to sell the product at the highest price . ''	The head of the FDA blasted the executive on Twitter .
A baby girl was a victim of Syria 's civil war before she was even born .	She had a shrapnel wound when she was delivered .
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin 's wife Louise Linton apologized Tuesday after sustained backlash for a now-deleted Instagram post touting her wealth and her subsequent reply belittling a commenter .
Fifteen hours after Donald Trump typed the now-infamous words `` Despite the constant negative press covfefe '' into his Twitter account , White House press secretary Sean Spicer was asked about the incident .
A widely shared photo shows the girl , 16 , facing off against a far-right demonstrator during May Day protests in the Czech Republic .
Researchers released a study in the journal Science describing an atomic clock using optical light .
MEXICO CITY --	On the night the U.S. made history , goalkeeper Tim Howard walked slowly up the tunnel of the Estadio Azteca , one of the most famous stadiums in sports and a house of horrors for U.S. Soccer from the time it was built more than 40 years ago .
Syrian state-run television reported Thursday that forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad killed three Westerners , including an American woman .
Facebook is completely blocking any mentions of Tsu , a competing social media site .	It even silences you in private conversations on Facebook Messenger .
An unmanned NASA-contracted rocket exploded in mid-air Tuesday , producing huge flames and booms along the eastern Virginia coast but no injuries or deaths .
New Orleans mayor imposes dusk-to-dawn curfew More than 817,000 without power across 5 states Isaac 's maximum sustained winds slip to 60 mph Emergency crews rescue people stranded by floods Refresh this page for the latest updates or read the full CNN story here .	[ Updated 10:28 p.m .
Two teenage boys are being hailed as heroes after they chased a car carrying a kidnapped girl -- on their bicycles .
Senator Bernie Sanders introduced a bill that would slap a tax on Amazon , Walmart and other big companies that employ workers who collect public assistance .
Charlotte ( CNN ) - Clint Eastwood meet Scarlett Johansson , Natalie Portman and Kerry Washington .	The three actresses , firmly anchored in Hollywood 's royalty , have been secretly scheduled to speak at the Democratic National Convention , according to a tentative schedule provided by a source to CNN .
( CNN ) --	The husband of the woman caught making out with Rep. Vance McAllister said the Louisiana Republican destroyed his life and marriage .	`` I 'm just freaking devastated by the whole deal , man .	I loved my wife so much .	I can not believe this .	I can not freaking believe it .
Sen. Ted Cruz knowingly misstated CNN 's reporting during Saturday 's Republican primary debate , despite the fact that CNN 's reporting was correct all along .
Erin Corwin , pregnant wife of a Marine , went missing in Joshua Tree National Park more than a week ago .
Rep. Jim Clyburn ( D-SC ) says he is frustrated by those criticizing Ambassador Susan Rice as being incompetent for her handling of the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi .	Rep. Clyburn says , “ These are code words .	We heard them during the campaign .
Lulabel Seitz spoke freely about her immigrant family , her dreams and even the wildfires that forced her school to close last year .	But four minutes into her graduation speech , the valedictorian says her microphone was abruptly cut off when she tried to mention being sexual assaulted at school .
President Donald Trump came under harsh criticism Saturday from the NFL and some of the NBA 's top players after he blasted prominent athletes for kneeling during the national anthem and refusing to come to the White House , putting himself in the center of a controversy with significant racial and cultural undertones .
Authorities investigating the deadly stabbings on a Portland commuter train Friday are looking into the suspect 's background and trying to determine whether the man will be charged with federal hate crimes .
Disney has announced the cast for the next chapter from the galaxy far , far away -- and it will include the late Carrie Fisher .
President Donald Trump 's attorneys are trying to sway him against agreeing to an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller partially out of concern he might incriminate himself through false statements and could be charged with lying to investigators , The New York Times reported Monday evening .
French President Francois Hollande will not be attending the Sochi Games , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Sunday .
The man accused of shooting and killing a San Francisco woman had previously been deported five times , ICE says .
San Francisco Officer Chris Kohrs -- the `` Hot Cop of Castro '' to fans and friends -- is the latest viral sensation , with a Facebook page in his honor .
A mass alert before it spread would have been the only way to communicate the severity of the fires early enough for people to evacuate efficiently , writes Breena Kerr
President Obama calls on Israelis to see the world through the eyes of Palestinians in a speech in Jerusalem .
The Pentagon is making detailed plans to send about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in anticipation of President Obama 's decision on the future of the eight-year-old war , a defense official said Tuesday .
Iran 's president made clear what he meant when he said Israel should be `` wiped off '' the map in an interview that aired Monday .
Police have arrested four people linked to Amedy Coulibaly , the gunman and hostage-taker at a Parisian kosher supermarket , a prosecutor 's spokesman said .
Chikungunya -- a mosquito-borne virus with a funny name -- packs a wallop and has taken up residence in the U.S .
Former NBC news anchor Tom Brokaw is being treated for cancer , but doctors are very encouraged by the progress he is making , NBC said Tuesday .
Donald Trump supporters have started asking for their Starbucks drinks under Trump 's name as a movement against the coffee giant .
The Georgia family of Kendrick Johnson filed a wrongful death lawsuit against school officials claiming their lack of action led to his death .
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo tells CNN she intends to sue Fox News ; a Fox executive calls the suit `` misplaced . ''
President Donald Trump on Tuesday defended embattled Alabama Republican Roy Moore , all but endorsing the Senate candidate who has been accused of sexual assault .
The search is on in Australia for a motorist who is believed to have deliberately run over 17 kangaroos .
The U.S. may have dodged an economic catastrophe by raising the debt ceiling and opening the government , but it did n't emerge from the political debacle unscathed .
Hazards created by Hawaii 's Kilauea volcano have spawned a lot of questions from the public .	How long will this last ?	Is it safe to be on Big Island right now ?	Can I roast marshmallows ?
Nancy Wilson , a three-time Grammy-winning artist who called herself a `` song stylist , '' has died , her manager said .
A nurse has been charged in the death of H.R .	McMaster Sr. , the father of President Donald Trump 's former national security adviser , and could face up to 20 years in prison if she 's convicted of failing to provide adequate care after he suffered a fall .
Former President Barack Obama opened up about taking his daughter Malia to college last year , telling host David Letterman he was `` basically useless '' during the entire move-in process .
The Trump administration plans to raise pending tariffs on $ 200 billion in Chinese goods to 25 % from 10 % , a source familiar with discussions confirmed to CNN .
Ariel Castro , the Cleveland , Ohio , man accused of imprisoning three women in his home for nearly a decade , is scheduled to be sentenced Thursday .
Two children allegedly abducted by their parents and taken to Cuba arrived back to the United States early Wednesday , Florida authorities said .
Israel reacted angrily Sunday to recent reports that British and U.S. intelligence officials spied on top Israeli officials ' e-mails .
India 's Supreme Court has struck down a colonial-era law criminalizing consensual gay sex , overturning more than 150 years of anti-LGBT legislation .
Donald Trump handed Dr. Oz a one-page summary of a physical he underwent last week during the taping of an appearance on `` The Dr. Oz Show '' Wednesday .
Snap 's IPO has spawned a new group of paper billionaires and millionaires .
The move will allow Paris to host the summer games in 2024 .
In Elton John ’ s recent interview with Parade , he spoke about his past relationships , fame and drugs .	But it was the statement he made regarding Christianity that has sparked a strong reaction from William Donohue , president of the Catholic League , among others .
The Hong Kong tycoon who offered millions of dollars to any man who could win the heart of his lesbian daughter says the proposal is now off the table .
Hours before the invitation , the Philippines ' President had urged the US to show restraint toward North Korea , saying both nations are `` playing with their dangerous toys . ''
The lawyer representing Stormy Daniels says that , on the heels of her lawsuit against Donald Trump , several other women are now exploring the possibility of legal action against the President .
The body of an `` apparent stowaway '' was found in the wheel well of a U.S. Air Force plane that traversed Africa , a Pentagon spokesman said .
Pope Francis pays his respects to the victims of the September 11 attacks , participating in an interfaith service and praying with their families .
Pablo Alvarado says that the scared children at the U.S. border show immigration is a humanitarian crisis that ca n't be solved with jails and guards .
Updated 7:26 p.m. , 5/17/2014 Washington ( CNN ) -- President Barack Obama intends to nominate San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro to be his next secretary of Housing and Urban Development , a government source said Saturday .
Sales at CVS took a tumble last quarter after the company stopped offering cigarettes and tobacco products at its stores .
Worldwide sales of smartwatches plunged 50 in the third quarter compared to the same period last year , according to a new report by the market analysts IDC .
The UK raised its terrorism threat level to `` critical '' -- the highest level -- for the first time in a decade Tuesday .
Seven law enforcement officers were shot , one fatally , during a standoff in Florence , South Carolina , on Wednesday , Florence Police Chief Allen Heidler
Dynamic Tower in Dubai , to be completed by 2020 , will have floors that can rotate 360 degrees .
Google has created its first annotated Street View tour on Robben Island .	The secret ingredient : humans .
The Pentagon 's most expensive weapons program ever , the F-35 warplane , is grounded again .
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are neck-and-neck in a new national tracking poll out Tuesday morning .
A swarm of protesters surrounded a stalled Turkish tank .	They hurled bricks and rocks at the vehicle , jeering and cursing the soldier .
An Illinois Democrat who was seriously wounded in Iraq derisively referred to President Donald Trump 's draft deferments after Trump called Democrats `` treasonous '' for not clapping during his State of the Union speech .
Israel plans to free 1,000 Palestinian prisoners in exchange for Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .	How and why has the controversial deal come about ?
( CNN ) -	Rep. Joe Walsh , a Republican engaged in a heated battle for re-election in Illinois against Iraq war veteran Tammy Duckworth , questioned Thursday the necessity of allowing abortions if a mother 's life is at risk , saying such an exemption to an abortion ban was simply a tool by pro-choice act ...
( CNN ) -	A pastor of a mega church in Dallas said Friday that Republicans should n't vote for White House hopeful Mitt Romney because he 's a Mormon and described the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as a `` cult .
( CNN )	-- Mitt Romney is on the top or tied for the lead in the race for the Republican presidential nomination in new surveys in the first four states to vote in next year 's primary and caucus calendar .
Maryland shooting suspect Eulalio Tordil has been arrested , police said Friday , accused of killing 3 people including his estranged wife in less than 24 hours .
Washington ( CNN ) – Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner drew a line in the sand over taxes in defense of the Obama administration ’ s controversial proposal to avoid the fiscal cliff .
Japanese company Toshiba said that there is `` substantial doubt '' about its ability to continue as a going concern .
The head of the railway whose runaway train devastated a small Quebec town cast doubt on his engineer 's story .
Detectives with London 's Metropolitan Police said Wednesday they believe former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter first came into contact with a nerve agent at Sergei Skripal 's home , and police have identified the highest concentration of the nerve agent to date as being on the home 's front door .
Salem Media , owner of the influential conservative outlet RedState , froze the site on Friday and dismissed many of its writers .
House ethics committee investigators have recommended that Rep. Charlie Rangel of New York be reprimanded , according to one of those investigators , Rep. Gene Green , D-Texas .
'Beautiful Boy ' review : Steve Carell , Timothee Chalamet star in grim drama that sees addiction ordeal through a father 's eyes
The south facade of the White House will undergo a dramatic change this week : the historic Jackson Magnolia , a tree that has been in place since the 1800s , is scheduled to be cut down and removed .
US Defense Secretary James Mattis issued a dramatic ultimatum to North Korea on Wednesday to `` cease any consideration of actions that would lead to the end of its regime and destruction of its people '' -- strong words that come just one day after President Donald Trump warned that the US could unleash `` fire and fury '' on Pyongyang .
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie released their first joint statement Monday night .
Two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot , Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , released Tuesday after brief detention in Sochi .
On Wednesday afternoon at the White House , President Donald Trump held a brainstorming session on gun legislation with members of Congress .
The US announced Wednesday that it would rebrand the command responsible for overseeing US military operations in Asia , a move that comes amid heightened tensions with China over the militarization of the South China Sea .
The US Army issued an apology Wednesday after its official Twitter account posted a tweet saying Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump `` lies once every 3 minutes , 15 seconds . ''
At least one person was killed Sunday when tornadoes ripped through three states .
CNN has exclusively obtained a list of dozens of offensive texts sent to and from a San Francisco police officer .
President-elect Donald Trump has been climbing the Twitter charts , and on Monday he hit a milestone that his aides had been watching for .
First it was drugs , now it 's cigarettes .	Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte 's war on vice is expanding .
In two hours , Apple 's smartphone breaks all the carrier 's first-day launch sales Source :	Verizon Wireless	That did n't take long .	Verizon ( VZ ) announced Friday that it had halted pre-sales of Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone ,
A Florida judge sets bond at $ 500,000 for Zachary Cruz , the younger brother of Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz , for a misdemeanor trespassing charge .
When the teacher was removed from school , another continued the abuse , deputies say .
President Trump on Tuesday raised the prospect of wiping out hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico 's crushing debt load .
Mississippi Department of Corrections Commissioner Pelicia E. Hall says she 's asking for help `` in the interest of transparency . ''
Google has struggled to keep its brain trust together , with a number of high-profile defections to Facebook .	But bumping up salaries and keeping a cool profile could help reverse the trend .
The pilot of an air tanker battling a wildfire at Yosemite National Park died after the tanker crashed , Cal Fire said .
Corporate giants have pledged millions of dollars to help Harvey victims .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says President Donald Trump 's reference to his nickname for her -- `` Pochahontas '' -- at an event honoring Navajo veterans Monday was just a distraction from other issues .
Sen. John McCain says he is `` convinced '' Obama is letting his personal problems with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu get in the way of shared policy goals .
Democratic Rep. Beto O'Rourke raised more than $ 6.7 million in the first three months of 2018 , his campaign announced Tuesday , a sign that the El Paso Democrat is poised to put up a significant fight against incumbent Republican Sen. Ted Cruz .
The first major heat wave of the summer blanketed the U.S. East Coast on Wednesday with scorching temperatures that swept across the region .
San Diego police on arrested Anthony Alexander Padgett , 36 , in connection with a series of attacks on the California city 's homeless population , police said .
Nine people were injured during a protest outside of the residence of the Turkish ambassador in Washington , DC on Tuesday , according to the official Twitter account of Washington , DC fire and EMS department .
Donald Trump is striking back at Mitt Romney on Thursday , after the 2012 Republican presidential nominee said his party 's current front-runner could have a `` bombshell '' in his tax returns .
Although it came as a surprise on Tuesday , Trump 's Merit-based idea is not new to the U.S. but many question marks remain about what it will look like .
There may be water -- a good bit of it -- deep inside the moon , scientists at Brown University say .
Health officials are looking for the cause of a neurologic illness that 's affected 10 children in Colorado .
Filipino doctors , priests , journalists and accountants will be allowed to arm themselves while at work under a controversial new gun law that takes effect in their country this month .
UPDATE March 28 at 1:40pm : After Tony Antolino and Paul Babakitis spoke with Piers Morgan a representative from JetBlue contacted	`` Piers Morgan Tonight .
A former Mexican police chief , Felipe Flores Vasquez , is arrested in connection with the disappearance of 43 students in 2014 , Mexican officials said .
An elevated section of northbound Interstate 85 , a major north-south artery for the Southeast , collapsed Thursday evening in Atlanta after a massive fire , officials said .
Apple will give investors a dividend of $ 2.65 and buy back $ 10 billion in shares over three years .
Sean Spicer scored points for comedy but sparked a raging debate : Should Colbert and the Emmys have given Spicer a platform to rehabilitate an image so badly tarnished by his brief stint working as President Trump 's spokesman ?
Actress Pamela Anderson revealed Friday that she suffered sexual abuse throughout her childhood , starting at age 6 when she was molested by a babysitter .
Rick Santorum clarified a remark about CPR and gun control on CNN 's `` New Day '' Wednesday morning .
Police Cpl .	David Eric Casebolt has resigned days after a video of him at a pool party in McKinney , Texas , went viral and sparked allegations of racism .
The Fed 's bond buying spree has yet to help credit card borrowers .	FORTUNE -- Interest rates are the lowest they have been in decades .	But there 's little indication the customers of lender Capital One Financial ( COF ) are benefiting .	In the
The reactions to Ariel Castro 's death ranged from tears to calling him a coward .	But the three women who suffered in his control for years remained silent .
Check back here for the latest updates in our live blog of the Senate hearing ( CNN ) -- Top Obama administration officials faced tough questions Tuesday as they made their case for a military strike in Syria during their first public congressional hearing on the issue .
Puerto Ricans voted in favor of statehood in a non-binding referendum , marking the first time such an initiative garnered a majority .
Billionaire tech entrepreneur	Peter Thiel has confirmed long-held suspicions that he 's been secretly financing Hulk Hogan 's lawsuit against Gawker Media .
Humberto on Wednesday fell just a few hours short of setting a record for the latest first hurricane to form in the far eastern Atlantic Ocean
A lioness killed the father of her three cubs at the Indianapolis Zoo this week .	The two lions were housed together at the Indianapolis Zoo for eight years and produced three cubs ,
A police commander was fatally shot while responding to a call Tuesday in downtown Chicago , authorities said .
It 's a case of he said , he said between two of the world 's most powerful men .
The assassination 50 years ago of Martin Luther King Jr. was marked Wednesday with events in the city where he was born , the city where he was gunned down , and other places around the nation .
A showdown over the leadership of a major consumer fraud protection agency was underway Monday , as both President Donald Trump 's pick to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the person tapped by its former director showed up to work .
On Friday , New Jersey Gov .	Chris Christie ordered beaches across the Garden State closed -- a reaction to the ongoing budget impasse in the state 's legislature .
The Trump administration on Tuesday rescinded a set of Obama-era policies that promoted using race to achieve diversity in schools , teeing up new battle lines over admissions standards .
`` It was a bloodbath , '' Julien Pearce says .	The radio reporter was at the Bataclan , a theater and concert hall in Paris ' 11th district Friday night .
What to watch for from Tuesday 's Fox Business and the Wall Street Journal prime-time Republican debate in Milwaukee .
Russians and Americans have been duking it out in the Twitter world over who 's scoring more points in high-stakes diplomatic wrangling over Syria , U.S. President Barack Obama or Russian President Vladimir Putin .
During NRA annual conventions , when about 80,000 gunowners gather for seminars , events and meetings , America seems to be safer , new research suggests .
NOAA 's Climate Prediction Center is forecasting a warmer-than-average winter for most of the country and La Nina is to blame .
In the small Bavarian ski-town of Oberstdorf , figure skaters Ryom Tae-Ok and Kim Ju-sik became the first North Korean athletes to qualify for South Korea 's 2018 Winter Olympics -- a development that could have diplomatic implications as well as sporting ones .
A special prosecutor will look into whether police and prosecutors engaged in misconduct to win a false conviction in one of the nation 's coldest murder cases .
Fugitive Colorado sex offender Eric Hartwell , who apparently cut off his ankle monitor and left a group home , has been apprehended in Norfolk , Virginia , the U.S .	Marshals Service said .
President Donald Trump outlined his plan for the 16-year US war in Afghanistan Monday evening , vowing that the US would find victory while no longer `` nation-building . ''
More than 140,000 voters had cast their ballots by the time early voting in Georgia closed Friday -- another indication of sky-high turnout in the closely watched runoff for a House seat between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel .
Georgians appeared to be handling an ice storm forecasters billed as `` catastrophic , '' but North Carolina seemed caught off guard .
A volcanic eruption Sunday prompted the temporary raising of the highest aviation alert , the Alaska Volcano Observatory ( AVO ) said Sunday .
Nine people injured in Friday 's shooting near the Empire State Building were wounded by police gunfire , a New York police official says .
Actress Kate del Castillo is under investigation on suspicion of money laundering in Mexico , the nation 's attorney general told a leading Mexican newspaper .
The US Navy announced Tuesday that the former commanding officers of the USS Fitzgerald and USS John S. McCain -- the ships involved in two deadly 2017 collisions that killed 17 sailors -- will face criminal charges including dereliction of duty , hazarding a vessel and negligent homicide .
Gavin Long , 29 , of Missouri was the shooter who killed three law officers and wounded three others in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , police sources said .
Billionaire Michael Bloomberg is stepping up to help foot the bill for the Paris Climate Agreement after President Trump announced his decision to leave the pact on Thursday .
A sixth suspect in the shooting death of Boris Nemtsov killed himself after a standoff with police , state-run television reported .
North Korea boldly heaped blame on William Todd Miller on Saturday , claiming he committed crime to gain fame .
The attorney general asked for their resignations Friday , igniting anger from officials who were given no warning
For New York 's newest police commissioner James O'Neill , the Chelsea explosion was his initiation into the new job .
Jack Lew , Obama 's nominee for Treasury Secretary , has a virtually illegible signature , something he may have to change before he signs the dollar bill .
Five people allegedly involved in the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi will face the death penalty , Saudi prosecutors said Thursday .
Chris Christie is facing the heat over a bridge scandal , and it may be more than just political .
Sean 'Diddy ' Combs shared a heartfelt tribute to his late ex Kim Porter on social media , saying , `` We were more than best friends , we were more than soulmates . ''
One weather-related death has been reported in North Carolina as a result of this weekend 's snowstorm .
Allison Mack 's arrest is related to her alleged involvement with an organization called Nxivm .
The effort to place a massive containment dome over a gushing underwater wellhead in the Gulf of Mexico was dealt a setback when a large volume of hydrates -- icelike crystals formed when gas combines with water -- accumulated inside the vessel , a BP official said Saturday .
Bruce Jenner was involved in a fatal four-car accident in California , a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department statement said .
It 's a split !	Players in Iowa and New York will share Saturday 's massive Powerball jackpot .
Vice President Mike Pence , who was scheduled to travel Tuesday to Egypt and Israel , is postponing his trip until next month .
Boston Bruins goalie Tim Thomas declined an invitation to join his teammates at the White House on Monday .
Peter Bergen says a member of Navy SEAL Team 6 casts doubt on the account of bin Laden 's shooting given in an Esquire article
Two Chinese Su-30 fighter jets intercepted a US Air Force radiation detection plane over the East China Sea Wednesday , according to the US Pacific Air Forces .
Jack Ma , the head of Alibaba , says the waves of new tariffs imposed by the US and China have `` destroyed '' his already ambitious promise .
The average age for fathers of newborns in the US increased by about 3½ years between 1972 and 2015 , from 27.4 years old to 30.9 years old .
Steven McDonald , the paralyzed New York police officer whose act of forgiveness made him a city 's hero and an international emblem , died Tuesday on Long Island .
Robert Mueller 's investigators have questioned a Russian oligarch about hundreds of thousands of dollars in payments his company 's US affiliate made to Michael Cohen , after the election , according to a source familiar with the matter .
( CNN ) --	While many world leaders praised the U.S. killing of Osama bin Laden , the president of Peru went a step further on Monday , calling the development the first miracle of Pope John Paul II since he was beatified last weekend .
The videotape of Donald Trump that is shaking up the presidential election sat forgotten on a shelf at NBC 's `` Access Hollywood '' until just a few days ago .
The New York attorney general has accused Secretary of State Rex Tillerson of using the pseudonym `` Wayne Tracker '' to send emails related to climate change while serving as CEO of Exxon Mobil .
[ cnn-photo-caption image= http : //i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2010/images/09/05	/art.blair.clinton.file4.gi.jpg caption = ''	Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair writes in his new book about former President Bill Clinton ’ s ‘ curiosity .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Was George W. Bush 's presidency a success or failure ?	A new national poll suggests it depends on who 's answering the question .	A CNN/ORC International survey indicates wide partisan and generational divides when it comes to rating Bush 's years in the White House .
A class-action lawsuit alleges that a doctor who ran a fertility clinic in Canada used his own sperm to father at least 11 children .
In an empty house in Dayton , Ohio , a boy stumbled upon a mummified corpse hanging by the neck from a rope .
The Justice Department late Tuesday formally filed its case against Lance Armstrong and his company Tailwind Sports for millions of dollars that the U.S .	Postal Service spent to sponsor the cycling team .
[ Updated 6:54 a.m . ET ]	A Halloween party erupted in gunfire that left several people wounded at the University of Southern California at Los Angeles , campus officials said .	The shooting occurred during an argument between two men Wednesday night , according to Capt .
Brigham Young University officials on Thursday stood by the decision to dismiss a standout player on the Cougars ' highly ranked men 's basketball team , saying they are treating Brandon Davies just like they would any other student .
Instead of highlighting her achievements , one Miss America contestant introduced herself at Sunday 's pageant by bringing attention to the water crisis facing her state .
Rakim Bulgarov and Vadim Osmanov carried out suicide bombings at the Istanbul airport , the Anadolu news agency reported , citing an anonymous prosecution source .
An Arizona trooper who had been shot and was being beaten by a man with a pistol was saved Thursday by a motorist who killed his attacker , authorities said .
Crew on board a Cathay Pacific flight from San Francisco to Hong Kong saw what they believed was a North Korean ballistic missile re-entering the earth 's atmosphere , the airline said Monday .
Victims of Bernard Madoff with money invested through outside `` feeder funds '' are now eligible to seek compensation , the Manhattan U.S. Attorney 's office said .
A Twitter account is leading a crowdsourcing campaign to identify demonstrators who attended white nationalist rallies in Virginia over the weekend .
Sen. Richard Burr privately mused over the weekend that gun owners may want to put a `` bullseye '' on Hillary Clinton , according to audio obtained by CNN .
Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins said on Sunday that Congress should pass legislation to protect special counsel Robert Mueller following reports President Donald Trump considered firing him last June .
( CNN ) --	Herman Cain 's chief-of-staff , Mark Block , said on CNN Thursday night the campaign has raised more than $ 3 million since the beginning of October and reported 65,000 donors .
A man convicted of a series of rapes and murders in Texas had asked authorities to carry out his execution using gas or a firing squad before he was put to death on Wednesday .
Kudos to Justin Timberlake for rocking the vote early .
First , Crystal Travis helped a family escape a house fire in Cleveland County , North Carolina .	Then , her husband performed CPR on a baby on the side of road .
President Obama said Dave Goldberg 'embodied the definition of a real leader ' in a touching Facebook post .
Utah officials will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court a lower-court ruling allowing same-sex marriage in the state , the state attorney general 's office says .
Ohio inmate Dennis McGuire appeared to gasp and convulse for roughly 10 minutes before he died Thursday during his execution by lethal injection .
The former Chinese police chief who attempted to defect to the United States , triggering one of China 's biggest political scandals , has been jailed for 15 years
Betty Ford , the widow of late President Gerald Ford and a co-founder of an eponymous addiction center in California , has died at the age of 93 , according to the director of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum .
A picture posted by a known ISIS supporter shows Japanese hostage Kenji Goto holding a photo of what appears to be beheaded hostage Haruna Yukawa .
Jordan Linn Graham , a Montana newlywed accused of pushing her husband off a cliff to his death , appeared in court Wednesday for a detention hearing .
Friends reacted with joy to the news that aid worker Jessica Buchanan had been freed after three months in captivity in Somalia .
Investigators probe deeper into the life of Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz , who had been declared unfit to work at the time of Tuesday 's crash .
Drinking coffee , whether regular or decaf , could reduce the risk of death , a new study says .
CES 2016 is under way in Las Vegas , where the best -- and worst -- technology is being showcased .
Two Fox News commentators used profanities while criticizing President Obama on Monday , triggering calls for disciplinary action by the network .
Taylor Swift wiped out her internet presence and `` Swifties '' -- as her fans are affectionately called --	suspect it 's to announce new music .
Boys in the United States are starting puberty earlier than ever , according to a new study publishing in the journal Pediatrics .
A nun has died after setting herself on fire in southwestern China , the first Tibetan woman known to have killed herself in this way , the London-based Free Tibet campaign group said Tuesday .
President Donald Trump said Monday he would be willing to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un `` under the right circumstances '' to defuse tensions over North Korea 's nuclear program .
Coach is buying competitor Kate Spade for $ 2.4 billion , a year after it bought the popular shoe company Stuart Weitzman .
A Miami police union announced Thursday that it was urging a nationwide boycott by law enforcement labor organizations of Beyoncé 's forthcoming world tour , which is slated to begin in the city April 27 at Marlins Park .
Congressional investigators asked then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , along with 17 other Cabinet secretaries , whether she used a personal email in 2012 , a question she reportedly ignored .
Iranian and IAEA officials jointly said Sunday that Iran has agreed to take seven more steps by May to ease international concern over Tehran 's nuclear program .
For the second consecutive Sunday , NFL players demonstrated in a variety of ways in response to President Trump 's call for NFL owners to fire any `` son of a bitch '' who `` disrespects our flag . ''
Women and working families need better tools to thrive , especially in the areas of wage transparency and paid leave , Sen. Deb Fischer says .
Donald Trump on Tuesday addressed criticism of a new practice at his rallies that has been compared to the `` Heil '' salute from Nazi Germany , dismissing the controversy as `` ridiculous '' before saying he would look into ending it .
Chris Christie conceded in an interview	Tuesday he was `` disappointed '' that Donald Trump did n't pick him to be his running mate -- but he 's already `` over it . ''
As Bill Cosby faces a slew of sexual assault allegations , two women are joining a defamation lawsuit against him .
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was raised Catholic but attends an Episcopal church .	Would he be the court 's sixth Catholic justice or its only Protestant ?
( CNN )	- Donald Trump is getting more bad news as he comes closer to making a final decision about a presidential run .	A new survey from Politico and George Washington University indicates more than two-thirds of Americans think the business mogul has `` no chance '' of ever winning the White House .
Indonesian police are searching for potentially hundreds of escaped inmates following a deadly prison riot in Medan , the capital of the province of North Sumatra .	At least five people died , including two guards and three prisoners .
New Jersey Gov .	Chris Christie is facing questions over the use of Superstorm Sandy relief funds .
The man suspected of killing five people Friday at Fort Lauderdale 's airport is Esteban Santiago , law enforcement officials say .	Here is what we know about the suspected shooter .
In the search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , six bodies have been found so far , officials say .
A federal air marshal on a transatlantic flight left her loaded service weapon in the airplane 's bathroom , where it was discovered by a passenger who gave it to a crew member before it was returned to the federal agent , CNN has learned .
Libyan authorities arrested 30 militia members after they stormed Tripoli 's airport , demanding release of a rebel leader , the nation 's labor minister said .
All but one of the U.S. diplomatic posts closed this week in a sweeping response to fears of a possible al Qaeda attack will reopen on Sunday , the State Department said .
Chunks of hail the size of golf balls rained havoc on Cheyenne Mountain Zoo in Colorado Springs , knocking out windows , killing two animals and injuring 14 people .
Pope Francis said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump `` is not Christian '' if he pledges to build a wall between the United States and Mexico .
Donald Trump , presidential nominee , is taking a backseat to Donald Trump , media critic -- again .
A man suspected of a Los Angeles arson spree may have been motivated by his mother 's arrest , according to officials and CNN affiliates .
Offset crashed his estranged wife 's Cardi B 's performance at the Rolling Loud Festival on Saturday night to publicly ask her to take him back .
Clerk Kim Davis returned to work vowing to deny marriage licenses to same-sex couples , but a couple walked out of the clerk 's office with a license .
A Saudi Arabian rights activist sentenced to prison and 1,000 lashes for insulting Islam will not be flogged Friday because of medical reasons .
Charleston , South Carolina ( CNN ) -- With Newt Gingrich creeping up in the polls and potentially on the cusp of a South Carolina victory , one of Mitt Romney 's senior advisers sought to change expectations ahead of Saturdays ' pivotal presidential primary .
The Supreme Court Monday rebuffed efforts by states to block funding to Planned Parenthood .
Basketball star Dennis Rodman and several other former NBA players arrive in North Korea to take part in a controversial basketball game .
After a lawsuit is filed over alcohol content , CNN hires an independent lab to test samples of Budweiser and three related brands .
A gunman who shot dead two American officers inside the Afghan interior ministry remained at large late Saturday as U.S. officials decried the attack in Kabul .
Bernie Sanders ' campaign is laying off more than 200 workers , campaign manager Jeff Weaver said Wednesday .
A malfunction at a festival swing ride in Connecticut sent children crashing into each other and onto the ground -- and raised new questions about safety
WASHINGTON , D.C. ( AP ) —	Early this morning , President Obama made what could very well prove to be the most controversial move of his presidency with the signing of Executive Order 14302 , which makes it illegal to perform the national anthem at sporting events nationwide .	Under the new order , it is now illegal to perform or recite the national anthem in any public venue .	Because the anthem is primarily performed before sporting events , this is where the new order will have its biggest impact .	Individuals who violate this order can face fines of up to 5,000 dollars and up to one year in federal prison .
China 's Foreign Ministry has lodged a complaint with the United States over a phone call between President-elect Donald Trump and Taiwan 's President that has overturned decades of diplomatic protocol .
Hillary Clinton is n't just looking for a win -- she 's seeking her first breakout victory over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in Saturday 's South Carolina Democratic primary .
A nurse is suing a hospital , claiming it agreed to a man 's request that no African-Americans care for his baby .
The White House received an envelope this week containing a substance that testing revealed to be cyanide , the Secret Service confirmed Tuesday .
Here is a breakdown of how early votes are coming in from seven critical states , and how tallies from this year compare to the 2014 and 2016 election cycles .
Vicky Triponey saw first hand the insular culture in Happy Valley that led to so much ruin .
The Honolulu city councilman who introduced Bill 6 says he got the idea from high school students .
David Turpin and Louise Turpin , the California couple accused of holding their 13 children captive and torturing all but one , are facing additional charges , a prosecution spokesman said Friday .
Ivanka Trump , President Donald Trump 's daughter and one of his top White House aides , briefly took her father 's place at a meeting with other world leaders at the G20 summit here in Hamburg on Saturday , causing a stir among Trump critics on social media .
Claudia Patricia Gomez Gonzalez traveled 1,500 miles to the United States , hoping for a better future .	She was dead shortly after setting foot in Texas .
Campaigners in Paris say love locks attached to Pont des Arts and other bridges could ruin historic landmarks .
Scores of people were killed Thursday night when a large truck plowed through a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in Nice , France , President Francois Hollande says .
More than 1.4 million low income earners in eight states will see their wages increase on New Year 's day .
Days after a deadly Metro-North train derailment in New York , a top federal transportation official said he has `` serious concerns '' about safety on the railroad .
Four Republican senators have told GOP leadership they are withholding support for President Donald Trump 's choice for labor secretary , setting off an intense effort by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and business groups to bring at least two back into the fold so that the nomination does not fail , several sources involved in the effort tell CNN .
Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields says she filed charges Friday against Donald Trump 's campaign manager .	She claims Corey Lewandowski grabbed her and bruised her .	Trump claims she made up the story .
An unidentified former Baylor University student has sued the school after she says she was `` brutally gang raped '' in 2012 by at least four and as many as eight Baylor football players .
A Florida teenager made famous for her extensive bout with hiccups faces first-degree murder charges after meeting a man online and allegedly luring him to a vacant home , where he was robbed of between $ 50 and $ 60 and killed , police said .
After an agonizing week of waiting , hoping and praying , Brett Anderson reunited with his 16-year-old daughter , Hannah , on Sunday , a source said .
Top free agent pitcher John Lackey is said to be in agreement on a five-year , $ 85 million contract with the Boston Red Sox , sources say .	Lackey has scheduled a physical with the team .
Authorities in the Philippines are warning people to stay clear of the volatile Mount Mayon volcano after multiple eruptions overnight spread lava and ash for kilometers .
President Donald Trump on Tuesday embraced a line of defense offered by his attorney , Rudy Giuliani , that `` collusion is not a crime , '' even though he continued to deny any alleged ties between his campaign and Moscow during the 2016 election .
A Nebraska `` hate crime '' that targeted a gay woman was staged by the alleged victim , authorities said Tuesday as they charged the woman with lying to police .
Local reports emerged of more than 100 orcas and beluga whales in captivity in Srednyaya Bay , near the city of Nakhodka .
Several diplomatic facilities were shuttered Friday as many brace for intensified protests over the anti-Islam movie .
Officers in Wilmington shot a man in a wheelchair .	The chief says he was reaching for his gun ; the man 's mother says he was not , calling the shooting `` unjust . ''
Former first lady Michelle Obama relived an awkward Inauguration Day gift exchange during her first television interview since leaving the White House .
Families could lose nutrition assistance , education and wellness services , while Defense will face deep cuts , should Congress not reach a deal to avert massive budget cuts that kick in on March 1 .
A major Chinese dairy firm , whose top finance executive disappeared months ago , reveals it is missing millions in cash .
Dozens of people suffered severe bleeding , and two died , related to synthetic cannabinoids , according to Illinois health officials who are also warning the public about the dangers of fake weed .
Artificially sweetened drinks , such as diet sodas , were associated with a higher risk of stroke and dementia in a study ; the findings do not show a causal link .
President Donald Trump on Wednesday delivered his opening pitch on tax reform , framing the effort in populist terms saying Republican plans to overhaul the tax code would be a boon for lower- and middle-class Americans .
Astronaut Scott Kelly and his twin brother used to be the same height .	But that may not be true when they stand side by side for the first time in nearly a year .
A top aide to Ohio Gov .	John Kasich criticized Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus after the party chairman warned of consequences for former presidential candidates like Kasich who 've refused to back Donald Trump for president , despite signing loyalty pledges during the primary .
A South Carolina woman undergoing treatment for infection with a rare case of `` flesh-eating '' bacteria was in stable condition Thursday .
Over the past six years , Donald Trump has been involved with three civil lawsuits alleging that his real estate seminar business , Trump University , misled and scammed students .	Here 's a quick rundown of what you need to know .
One human error made a bunch of sites go down .
A 59-year-old man was arrested early Saturday in connection with the grisly discovery of body parts in a suitcase left on a San Francisco sidewalk .
Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder says Edward Snowden performed a `` public service '' by triggering a debate over surveillance techniques , but still must pay a penalty for illegally leaking a trove of classified intelligence documents .
Apple was granted a patent for a flexible iPhone that can fold in half and grip your clothes .	This would potentially cut down on the need to stuff devices into pockets .
JPMorgan Chase cut CEO Jamie Dimon 's salary and bonus citing the London Whale losses .	The bank beat earnings estimates for the quarter and full year .
Justin Sipla hangs the certificate of the minority share he owns of the Green Bay Packers on the wall of his office instead of his Ph.D. in anatomical sciences .
In its ongoing battle to fight blight , Detroit is launching a website where it will auction off vacant homes seized in tax foreclosures .
Donald Trump handed Dr. Oz a one-page summary of a physical he underwent last week during the taping of an appearance on `` The Dr. Oz Show '' Wednesday .
A British couple kidnapped by pirates was released after more than a year in captivity , their family said in a statement Sunday , but would not comment on a reported ransom payment .
Kristen and Thomas Hewitt of Baltimore welcomed rare identical triplets this month at the Greater Baltimore Medical Center .
A Dutch company is looking for volunteer astronauts to fly one way to Mars .	The search began Monday .	Departure for the red planet is 2023 .
( CNN ) - As Americans remain fed-up with Congress , who are largely seen as `` do-nothing , '' one group is setting aside talk of action and starting with a more modest goal : talking .
Donald Trump 's presidential campaign does n't plan to fire anybody or to take disciplinary action over the controversy surrounding Melania Trump 's plagiarism of Michelle Obama , CNN learned Tuesday .
Hope Hicks , previously one of President Trump 's closest aides , is becoming a key executive at Fox News Channel 's parent company .
A New York City police sergeant was killed and another officer was wounded Friday afternoon in a shootout with a Bronx home invasion suspect , Police Commissioner James O'Neill said .
Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson on Sunday conceded the Florida Senate race to Republican Gov .	Rick Scott , ending his re-election bid after the completion of a statewide recount .
Peruvian authorities are searching for answers as to why more than 10,000 endangered frogs living near Lake Titicaca have suddenly died .
A high-wattage collection of Hollywood studio chiefs and technology big-wigs convened at the White House Friday for a state dinner in honor of Chinese President Xi Jinping , even as cybertheft of American trade secrets remains a major point of contention between Washington and Beijing .
Mother Teresa was true saint because of the work she did and example she set as as Christian who persevered despite despair over her relationship with God , Jay Parini says .
Bernie Sanders released his Medicare-for-all health care plan Sunday , detailing how he 'd implement a decades-old liberal dream just two hours before Democrats start their final debate before the February 1 Iowa caucuses .
The top admiral overseeing US Naval forces in the Middle East , Vice Adm. Scott Stearney , was found dead in his residence in Bahrain on Saturday , the Navy said in a statement .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Former president Bill Clinton enjoyed his most lucrative year ever on the speaking circuit in 2010 , capping a decade of paid speaking events that has earned him $ 75.6 million since leaving office in 2001 , according to a CNN analysis of federal financial records .
If President Obama invokes the 14th Amendment to raise the debt ceiling , he would `` effectively be a dictator , '' Republican Presidential candidate Rep. Michele Bachmann says in an exclusive interview with American Morning anchor Kiran Chetry .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott condemned the executions and said Australia would immediately withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations .
In the first of its kind , Sweden has opened the world 's first public road which allows electric vehicles to recharge while driving .
Hundreds of thousands of immigrants who feared they could soon be facing deportation got a reprieve Wednesday , when a federal judge in California temporarily blocked the administration from ending Temporary Protected Status for immigrants from El Salvador , Haiti , Sudan and Nicaragua .
Angry protesters attacked U.S. diplomatic compounds in Libya and Egypt on Tuesday , citing in both instances an online film considered offensive to Islam .
Amid yet another scandal , Facebook is facing calls from investors and critics to shake up its leadership .
Five Walmart stores across the country have been temporarily closed for repair .	All workers were notified Monday that they would lose their job immediately .
Drones are fighting the war on terror , smuggling drugs on the border and crashing near the White House .	They 're everywhere .
The two greatest players of this generation have been sent packing from Russia in the same day .
The Brazilian teenage girl who says she was brutally gang raped in a Rio de Janeiro slum is speaking out about the attack and the related graphic video that went viral .
Could this weekend 's proposed cease-fire signal the end of Syria 's nearly two-year civil war , or is it just more talk ?
For all his bluster and choreographed suspense , President Donald Trump 's blockbuster Supreme Court pick Brett Kavanaugh was all but locked in from the start .
More than 80 people were suffering severe breathing difficulties in Syria 's embattled city of Aleppo after another chemical attack Tuesday on a rebel-held neighborhood , said the Syrian Civil Defense , a volunteer rescue group .
Instead of printing the exact same message , each publication will write its own editorial .
Bic South Africa learns how to pen an apology quickly after delivering an ad that many folks considered to be sexist .
Senate Republicans launched their effort to repeal and replace Obama 's landmark healthcare law early Thursday morning
The suspects involved in the Boston Marathon bombing were brothers from the Russian Caucasus who settled in America with the rest of their family .
On the eve of the midterm elections , Democrats continue to hold a double-digit lead over Republicans in a generic congressional ballot among likely voters , according to a new CNN Poll conducted by SSRS .	The party 's 55 % to 42 % advantage in the new poll mirrors their lead in early October and is about the same as the 10-point edge they held just after Labor Day .
The New York Jets settled with the Flight Crew cheerleaders for $ 325,000 .
Washington , DC , restaurants and schools were prepared for a `` Day Without Immigrants '' protest Thursday , but so far , policymakers who live in the nation 's capital have n't taken much notice .
It must have stuck in President Barack Obama 's craw to deliver a win for Wikileaks
A man accused of shooting at cars on Kansas City , Missouri , highways has been charged with 18 felony counts covering nine incidents .
Chipotle to hold food safety staff meeting at all restaurants Feb. 8 to shake off E. coli scandal .
( CNN ) --	Actor Clint Eastwood joined the list of Republicans signing a legal brief in support of same-sex marriage , a person familiar with the document confirmed Thursday .
A former school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women , some of them girls as young as 14 , according to police .
NBC , succumbing to pressure from Hispanic groups , is ending its business relationship with presidential candidate Donald Trump .
Home to the world 's largest auto market , China is working on a plan to ban the production and sale of vehicles that rely on fossil fuels , officials say .
An `` arsenal '' of cases of fresh water stacked in the basement and a graveyard of scattered empty bottles are daily reminders that life in Flint , Michigan , is anything but normal .
Matt Bevin , the controversial Kentuckian who attempted to dethrone Sen. Mitch McConnell last year and has vowed to eliminate the state 's Obamacare programs , orchestrated a remarkable political comeback on Tuesday to win the state 's governorship .
Bud Light , Coors Light , and Miller Lite were the top-selling U.S. beers in 2017 .
It 's the end of an era on Sesame Street .	Sonia Manzano , who has played shop owner Maria on the PBS series , has announced that she is retiring .
[ cnn-photo-caption image= http : //i2.cdn.turner.com	/cnn/2010/	images/09/12/art.hoyer.sotu2.cnn.jpg caption = ''	House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer expressed confidence Sunday in Democratic congressional candidates .
Two gay women have been caned in Malaysia amid a worsening climate for LGBT individuals in the Muslim-majority Southeast Asian nation .
So little is known about North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that the identity of a woman seen by his side during more than one official engagement has sparked a flurry of speculation worldwide .
In a $ 40 million federal lawsuit , five people arrested in Ferguson , Missouri , accuse police of using `` wanton and excessive force . ''
Space is full of grease-like molecules , according to a new study that attempted to mimic interstellar dust in a laboratory .
A court ruling in Massachusetts calls into question whether many foreclosures are valid .
Riots broke out in a predominantly immigrant neighborhood of Stockholm Monday night , as residents clashed with police and set vehicles on fire .
Brenda Delgado , who allegedly plotted a murder-for-hire of a romantic rival , was captured in Mexico on Friday .
There was no impassioned plea to pass immigration reform .	But the image was unmistakable .
( CNN )	-- Warning that `` the clock is ticking , ''	House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi on Sunday reiterated her threat to bring about a House vote on a bill that would extend the Bush-era tax cuts for families making $ 250,000 , but would allow the tax breaks to expire for those above the threshold .
Tuesday is Donald Trump 's 70th birthday -- and thanks to comedian Bill Maher , we have proof .
Freed American hikers Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer bounded down the steps of the aircraft that took them from Iran to Oman late Wednesday .
Michael Cohen , President Donald Trump 's personal attorney , has been `` under criminal investigation '' for months in New York because of his business dealings , the Justice Department said Friday .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani issued a challenge to President Donald Trump on Monday , saying the Islamic Republic would welcome talks with the US `` right now . ''
Washington ( CNN ) - Sen. Charles Schumer , the third ranking Senate Democrat , said Sunday that he and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham will officially restart immigration reform talks that crumbled two years ago .
North Korea gave an ultimatum Friday to its southern neighbor :	Stop the `` provocations '' and `` psychological warfare '' or pay the price .
Six people were shot , two fatally , in Tallahassee , Florida , according to Chief of Police Michael DeLeo .
It was n't the star-studded red carpet of the Obama years , but a veritable who 's who of politicians and special guests of honor made their way to the White House Tuesday evening for the Trump administration 's first state dinner , with France .
Five people were killed in a siege at the Park Palace Guest House in Kabul , Afghanistan , police said .
The International Monetary Fund announced its search for a new managing director as its former chief , Dominique-Strauss-Kahn , is confined to a Lower Manhattan apartment following his release on bail from a Rikers Island jail .
HLN 's `` Dr. Drew '' show has been canceled .	The final episode will air September 22 .
Coca-Cola will soon be giving Japanese consumers a new kind of buzz .
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has found the wreck of a huge World War II-era Japanese battleship , the philanthropist said on Twitter .
Olympic gold medalist Aly Raisman delivered a forceful speech in court Friday , praising the `` army of survivors '' who have spoken out against former team doctor Larry Nassar .
House Democrats roughed up Sen. Bernie Sanders in a closed-door session Wednesday after he deflected questions about when he would formally back Hillary Clinton for president , with a group of members booing him at one point , according to three Democrats who attended the meeting .
Washington ( CNN ) - Sen. Rand Paul -- the Kentucky conservative who told Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Wednesday he would have fired her for her response to the Benghazi attacks if he was president -- acknowledged later the top diplomat had made a valid point when she angrily denounced Republica ...
An eyewitness and near victim of the shooting at the Fort Lauderdale airport described how his backpack and laptop may have spared his life from the gunman 's rampage Friday afternoon .
Mary Musselman of Sebring , Florida got arrested at age 81 for feeding bears lots of dog food -- again and again and again .
Republicans began their debate Thursday night with insults and ended with three candidates pledging to back Donald Trump should he win the nomination .
A blast occurred at a maintenance shed at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta on Tuesday morning , and part of a concourse was briefly evacuated , authorities said .
Voters in North Dakota , where the economy is swelling with money from the oil boom , have voted against abolishing property taxes in the state .
Justin Ross Harris was acting erratically when he pulled into a shopping center asking for assistance with his 22-month-old son , a detective told a court .
President-elect Donald Trump ripped the election recount on Saturday , calling it `` a scam '' and `` ridiculous '' and noting that Hillary Clinton had already conceded .
The wife of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was charged with fraud and breach of trust Thursday over the alleged misuse of state funds at the couple 's residence .
Raffaele Sollecito reasserted his innocence Tuesday as his attorneys continued to distance him from his ex-girlfriend Amanda Knox .
The population of the least populous town in the United States appeared to at least double Thursday when two mysterious businessmen from Vietnam won the tiny hamlet with a bid of $ 900,000 at auction .
An attorney for former FBI Director James Comey said Thursday his client will fight a subpoena to privately testify before Congress next month about FBI actions in the 2016 campaign .
Apple rolled out updates to its operating systems and other new features , such as a HealthKit app , at its developers conference .
Comments on `` whole binders full of women '' , equal pay and women getting home to cook dinner , has landed Mitt Romney in verbal quicksand with some female voters .
Inmates at California 's San Quentin prison helped rescue two boaters -- one of whom later died -- who had fallen into frigid San Francisco Bay early Wednesday , authorities said .
Special counsel Robert Mueller said Friday that former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort lied about five major issues after agreeing to cooperate with prosecutors , including his `` contact with administration officials . ''
Drug kingpin Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman was transferred from the maximum-security Altiplano prison in central Mexico to a prison in Ciudad Juarez , near the border with the United States , Saturday morning , a senior Mexican law enforcement source told CNN .
Former President George W. Bush offered some muted criticism for President Donald Trump Monday , during a wide-ranging interview on NBC 's `` Today '' show that touched on Russia , the travel ban and the free press .
Donald Trump latest 's close-up is coming from the unlikeliest of magazines : Rolling Stone .
( CNN ) -	Texas Rep. Ron Paul captured the vote of an American Idol early Thursday when winner Kelly Clarkson tweeted her support for her fellow Texan 's candidacy for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination .	`` I love Ron Paul .
Edward Majerczyk was sentenced to nine months in prison Tuesday for hacking the accounts of 30 celebrities and stealing their personal data
Bernie Sanders has drawn even with Hillary Clinton for the first time in Iowa , according to a new poll Thursday .
Stephen Colbert and his character `` Stephen Colbert '' bid their farewell to former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly .
China 's central bank has launched new stimulus measures designed to support the country 's flagging economy .
Long before he slaughtered 17 people at the South Florida high school he once attended , Nikolas Cruz had a disturbing way of introducing himself .
( CNN ) -	Sarah Palin blasted President Barack Obama and gun control advocates Friday , blaming them for `` exploiting '' recent mass shooting tragedies to promote their political agenda .
A new report blasts the U.S. government for wasting tens of billions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan by relying too much on contractors and doing too little to monitor their performance.	The ...
A Taliban leader in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children as long as the U.S. continues drone strikes .
Hillary Clinton casts Bernie Sanders as an unrealistic over-promiser in her new book , according to excerpts posted by a group of Clinton supporters .
Spc .	Ivan Lopez 's friendly smile apparently gave no hint of a history of depression , anxiety and other psychiatric disorders .
Twelve-year-old Louis Corbett of New Zealand has a disease that will blind him , and he is on a `` farewell to vision '' world trip .
There were no signs of foul play in the death of a US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention epidemiologist who likely drowned , officials said Thursday .
The student body president of California State University , Chico , was recovering Monday from stab wounds suffered in what police believe was a hate crime , officials said .
Authorities are searching for two convicted murderers who escaped from a maximum security prison in upstate New York .
A Texas court has granted a stay of Wednesday 's scheduled execution of convicted murderer Henry `` Hank '' Skinner while Skinner 's attorneys seek DNA testing .
Vice Chairman Ahmed Adel told CNN that the debris found Thursday in the Mediterranean Sea is not from Flight 804 , which went missing while flying from Paris to Cairo .
By Moni Basu , CNN ( CNN ) --	The United States has apologized to African-Americans , Japanese , Native Americans and Hawaiians for wrongs in the name of government .	Now it has made that rare apology to Chinese-Americans for discriminatory laws adopted 130 years ago .
Police in Beijing have detained a teacher as they investigate allegations that children were drugged and molested at a kindergarten .
At least four people are dead and 44 are injured after two bombs exploded Monday in Russia 's volatile North Caucasus region , the Ministry of Health 's website says .
Shirley Miller Sherrod has spent most of her life fighting injustice .
The FBI and Secret Service are investigating reports that non-government personal accounts associated with CIA Director John Brennan as well as Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson were hacked , law enforcement officials told CNN .
Florence , South Carolina ( CNN ) --	Newt Gingrich is urging competitors Rick Santorum and Rick Perry bow out of the Republican presidential race so conservatives can rally behind one `` anti-Mitt Romney '' candidate .
Washington ( CNN ) -- As the House makes its next move in the ongoing fight to end the government shutdown and avoid a default , the House Democratic campaign arm will target Republicans in 60 districts on Wednesday , blaming them for a possible downgrading of the government 's rating with a Wall Street ...
The Trump administration is trying to force Twitter to unmask at least one anti-Trump account , according to a new lawsuit from Twitter .
When Keri Young found out that her unborn child did n't have a brain , she made an unthinkably selfless decision .
A truck crash involving a sleepy driver and 7,500 chickens caused chaos in Austria on Tuesday after the birds blocked part of a highway .
Florida authorities ca n't yet say why a church van ran through an intersection and plunged into a canal early Monday , killing eight people .
Donald Trump unleashed tough rhetoric against his rivals as well as a protester at a Monday night rally , the eve before the Nevada caucuses .
Stocks surged and bond yields fell after the Federal Reserve said it is not yet ready to wind down the program of asset purchases it has deployed to support the economy and markets .
Could a debate between Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders be in the works ?
A new Google search feature will make the connection between online ads and in-store purchases .
Martha Burk says a woman is now CEO of IBM , a sponsor of the Augusta National Golf Tournament .	It 's long past time for the club to finally admit women
House and Senate Republicans are n't getting any closer to bridging their differences over funding for the Department of Homeland Security .
Democrats rebel against President Obama 's free trade push , a blow to one of his biggest priorities .
Source :	Authorities searching the home of a woman shot near the U.S. Capitol	found discharge papers from a 2012 mental health evaluation .
A federal judge in Maryland on Wednesday denied a motion to dismiss portions of a lawsuit alleging that President Donald Trump , through his Trump International Hotel in DC and the Trump Organization , violated a constitutional clause banning gifts or advantages from foreign and domestic governments .
Four Americans and a Costa Rican tour guide died after their recreational rafts overturned on the Naranjo River in Costa Rica .
President Donald Trump asked Friday why comedian Samantha Bee has n't been fired for calling his daughter and White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump a `` feckless c	* * * ''	on her TBS show earlier this week .
Jeb Bush always remained optimistic , but his resume and temperment were n't what people wanted in 2016 .
Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona is expected to deliver a floor speech on Wednesday in which he will compare President Donald Trump 's attacks on the news media to the rhetoric of late Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin .
( CNN ) --	Do n't vote for Orrin Hatch , the six-term senator 's opponent says .	Why ?	Because , Democratic candidate Scott Howell says in a fundraising letter , he could `` die before his term is through .
In what can best be described as a bundle of cuteness , Nicole McDonald held her son Jadon alone for the first time .	The mother described it as `` one of the most profound moments of my life . ''
A Florida woman claims an ambulance did n't take her 30-year-old daughter to the hospital , because fire rescue personnel assumed the family could n't afford it .
A Penn State fraternity has been suspended for allegedly posting photos of nude women , including some who appeared to be passed out , on a Facebook page .
Two people are dead -- including the shooter -- in shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Washington state .
A porn actress who was with actor Charlie Sheen in a New York hotel when , according to police , he became emotionally disturbed this week wants his probation on a Colorado assault conviction revoked because of the incident , her spokesman said Thursday .
In testimony before a Senate committee , Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf apologizes for scandal but denies bank 'orchestrated ' bogus accounts .
President Donald Trump has said he was thinking of `` this Russia thing '' when he decided to fire FBI Director James Comey , who had been leading the bureau 's investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election .
A feud with the first lady 's office cost a senior national security adviser her job in the White House after she sparred with East Wing staff and other key members of the Trump administration .
Former president of Shell Oil John Hofmeister says Americans could be paying $ 5 for a gallon of gasoline by 2012 .
China , the world 's largest tobacco consumer , is aiming to ban indoor smoking in public areas by the end of the year .
Elevated hopes that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 might soon be found were tempered when a search agency said the latest signal probably is n't from the plane .
Rapper Kanye West met Thursday with Donald Trump , telling the President in an Oval Office meeting before reporters why he supports the Republican .
The `` Dr. Phil '' show aired tapes that apparently recorded former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle describing his sexual preferences with young boys and girls .
Vice President Joe Biden met privately with Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Saturday in his residence at the Naval Observatory , CNN has learned , another sign he is seriously deciding whether to jump into the Democratic presidential race .
Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert was paying a former student in order to keep quiet about allegations of sexual misconduct , two sources say .
It 's `` Back to the Future '' Day , and fans are looking closely at the 1989 film 's predictions of life in the year 2015 .
Actress Amanda Peterson , best known for her role opposite Patrick Dempsey in the 1987 movie	`` Ca n't Buy Me Love '' has died her mother Sylvia Peterson says .
The U.S. added 295,000 jobs in February and unemployment fell to 5.5 % , the lowest level since May 2008 .
NBC and Fox News said in separate statements on Monday that their networks will no longer air the Trump campaign 's racist anti-immigrant advertisement .
Women sick of receiving unsolicited advice can now call a `` mansplaining '' hotline to report their condescending male colleagues .
Donald Trump pitched himself Monday to Christian students at Liberty University as a politically incorrect protector of Christianity , tailoring his classic stump speech to the evangelical audience with mixed success .
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders on Monday drew their sharpest contrasts yet in hard-hitting final pitches to Iowa voters as the competitive race to win the first in the nation caucuses enters its last week .
Jim Parsons has broken his silence about the upcoming end of `` The Big Bang Theory '' in a lengthy but heartfelt note posted to his Instagram page on Thursday .
A United Airlines plane headed to St. Louis was diverted to Ohio after a pet had been loaded onto the flight in error .
The I.V .	Doctor will cure your hangover in the comfort of your own home -- for $ 250 .
Winter is getting the last laugh as a powerful winter storm blasts the Northeast and upper Midwest a day ahead of the official start of spring .
Comedian Joan Rivers died in a New York hospital Thursday afternoon , a week after suffering cardiac arrest during a medical procedure , her daughter said .
The coroner misidentified two of the Humboldt Broncos hockey players involved in a fatal bus crash , according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
Accused killer Eric Frein was apparently was using his laptop to access the Internet during the manhunt for him in Pennsylvania .
They call politics a blood sport , a battle royale , a bare-knuckle brawl .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , the stone-faced former oil executive Donald Trump tapped to serve as his global envoy , is increasingly seen by administration officials and diplomats as on his way out -- just as flash-points from Iran to North Korea flare .
The number of extremist groups declined 7 % from 2012 to 2013 , the Southern Poverty Law Center said in a report Tuesday .
Gov .	Chris Christie will tackle the controversy surrounding the George Washington Bridge when he delivers New Jersey 's State of the State address Tuesday .
Renee Zellweger 's new look is so different from her `` Jerry Maguire '' and `` Bridget Jones 's Diary '' days that some questioned whether it was the same person .
The historic freeze that proved too cold for polar bears in the Midwest is spreading , dropping temperatures in the eastern third of the country .
You 've heard the term `` hangry , '' right ?	People who are hungry often report being unreasonably angry until they 're fed .	`` Hangry '' is a relatively new buzz word , but science is backing it up .
New video casts a glaring light on Baltimore police practices as the department and city grapple with a distrustful public and record-setting violent crime .
Morley Safer , an intrepid storyteller and interviewer whose name became synonymous with the newsmagazine `` 60 Minutes , '' has died .	He was 84 .
The House of Representatives passes a Republican bill that would extend the payroll tax cut and speed approval of an oil pipeline .
A `` sophisticated '' organized crime syndicate used an app on the IRS website to steal several years of tax forms full of personal financial information for 104,000 Americans .
A 69-year-old Massachusetts man was arrested Friday in Boston in connection with the death of Stephen Rakes , an alleged extortion victim of Whitey Bulger .
For decades , mystery has swirled around what happened to the founding population of the remote Easter Island .	A long-held theory suggests they destroyed their own society through infighting and a depletion of resources .	But a new study suggests otherwise .
Rep. Marcia Fudge -- an Ohio Democrat who had been weighing a potential run for House speaker -- announced on Tuesday that she will instead endorse Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi for the job , effectively removing Pelosi 's most prominent potential challenger so far .
Hong Kong , China -- Looking for a Communist-inspired adrenaline rush ?	Does it need to be in one of the most reclusive countries in the world ?	Then North Korea may be just the place for your next vacation destination .
New Mexico authorities said Monday that what appeared to be a `` credible explosive device '' -- found on a rental car at Albuquerque International Sunport airport on Sunday -- is a hoax .
Russia 's proposal for Syria to surrender its chemical weapons to international control was a `` potentially positive development , '' but could be a stall tactic , President Barack Obama told CNN on Monday .
Two former officials linked to New Jersey Gov .	Chris Christie 's office were found guilty on all charges Friday in connection with the closure of lanes in 2013 on the George Washington Bridge in an apparent act of political retribution , the fallout for which has come to be known as Bridgegate .
A federal criminal investigation into a deadly duck boat sinking on a Missouri lake was initiated after the US Coast Guard determined the 17 deaths resulted from `` misconduct , negligence or inattention to duty '' by the captain of the duck boat , according to a court document filed Wednesday .
Jos .	A .	Bank has rejected the latest takeover proposal from rival Men 's Wearhouse .
James Schwab , a spokesman for the San Francisco Division of ICE , has resigned , citing what he says are falsehoods being spread by members of the Trump administration .
Every detail of this indiscriminate mass murder seemed meticulously planned .	Yet no one knows why Stephen Paddock morphed from a retired accountant to the deadliest mass murderer in modern US history .
A self-described `` email prankster '' in the UK fooled a number of White House officials into thinking he was other officials , including an episode where he convinced the White House official tasked with cyber security that he was Jared Kushner and received that official 's private email address unsolicited .
U.S. women 's soccer star Hope Solo entered a not guilty plea in court Monday after police say she assaulted two relatives at a home near Seattle .
More than 90 people were hospitalized in Connecticut during a concert headlined by musician Chance the Rapper , authorities said .
About 130 additional U.S. military advisers are being sent to northern Iraq to look at relief options for minority Yazidis who fled ISIS fighters .
A woman in St .	Cloud , Florida , woke up just before midnight Tuesday and fired a shot at a person she thought had broken into her home .
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis said US-backed Iraqi forces will finish off ISIS fighters in their last remaining strongholds in Iraq .
Twitter has acquired third-party client Tweetdeck for over $ 40 million , according to sources close to the company .
Tractor-trailers weighing tens of thousands of pounds flew through the air .	Roofs were ripped off homes , and other houses were left in complete tatters .	Yet no deaths have been reported after devastating tornadoes worked their way through the Dallas-Forth Worth and Arlington areas of Texas .
As the 100-day mark of Donald Trump 's presidency approaches , a new CNN/ORC poll finds the President reaches this milestone holding on to the lowest approval rating of any newly-elected president at this stage , amid sharp partisan divides and a failure to capitalize on post-election strengths .
Floridians along the Atlantic coast were coping Friday with rising water as Hurricane Matthew drenched the state with rain and as strong winds pushed waves over beaches .
This year , more than half of all US states have had confirmed or possible cases of acute flaccid myelitis , or AFM , the polio-like illness that can cause paralysis and mostly affects children , according to a new CNN analysis .
Former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak was in a coma Monday , a spokesman for Egypt 's Interior Ministry said .	`` Mubarak entered today into full coma .	His two sons Gamal and Alaa submitted a request to the prison authority to move beside him and it has been accepted .
( CNN ) - Florida 's Republican-appointed secretary of state issued a tough rebuke to the United States Justice Department late Wednesday , writing his state 's effort to remove non-U.S. citizens from voter rolls was both consistent with federal law and necessary to protect against fraud .
A fast-moving brush fire burning just south of Reno , Nevada , on Thursday prompted evacuations , closed a major highway and led the governor of Nevada to declare a state of emergency .
Wine supply ca n't keep up with growing demand : Morgan Stanley .
The mystery surrounding North Korea 's young leader Kim Jong Un deepens by the day .	One group says Kim 's sister , Kim Yo Jong , may be running the country .
A spokesman for the U.S. Mint shoots down the idea that a recent discovery of gold coins could be tied to thefts at any Mint facility .
A Nigerian senator has invited American rapper Kanye West to visit slave ports in Africa for an education on the slave trade .
Former Trump presidential campaign aide Rick Gates has agreed to testify against former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and will plead guilty to fraud related charges , according to the Los Angeles Times .
Vice President Mike Pence said in an interview airing Sunday that he has not discussed invoking the 25th Amendment to remove President Donald Trump from office .
A U.S. military helicopter has gone missing in Nepal as Marine personnel were helping people in the earthquake-hit country .
Former President Bill Clinton is staying out of the controversy over Hillary Clinton 's use of a personal email address on a private server .
A devastating new report by military investigators released Thursday found that the 10 sailors captured by Iranians in January suffered from `` failed leadership '' at all levels on a mission that was plagued by mistakes from beginning to end .
A planned remake of `` Lord of the Flies '' reimagined with an all-female cast has stirred controversy .
Ben Carson charged on Tuesday that Ted Cruz needs to fire campaign staffers for falsely telling Iowa caucusgoers to support the Texas senator because the retired neurosurgeon was planning on quitting the race .
A suspect in a shooting at a Garland , Texas , event showcasing controversial cartoons of Mohammed posted tweets tying himself to a prominent ISIS fighter .
A New York bill would force drivers to hand over their phones to police officers after a car crash .
As Trump 's running mate , two possible fates await man who was once GOPs hope : wither in irrelevance in White House or spectacular loss against unpopular Clinton .
The Supreme Court arguments have left the fate of the 2010 health care reform law uncertain .	What is certain , however , is that health care costs are continuing to eat away at consumers ' budgets .
All the attackers in the deadly assault on a cafe in Dhaka were Bangladeshi citizens , and five of them were militants that police had tried to arrest previously , Police Inspector General Shahidul Hoque told CNN Saturday .
Sheriff 's investigators Thursday asked prosecutors to charge Justin Bieber with felony vandalism in his alleged egging of a neighbor 's home .
Hong Kong 's unpopular chief executive C.Y .	Leung , nicknamed `` the wolf '' by detractors , has one Lunar New Year 's request for his city 's people : Be like sheep .
During an overseas trip in 2015 , Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson , the White House physician , was intoxicated and banged on the hotel room door of a female employee , according to four sources familiar with the allegation .
The news follows a swirl of controversy surrounding the company 's founder , who resigned after using a racial slur on a conference call .
A man who allegedly posed as singer Justin Bieber online has been charged with more than 900 child sex offenses , including rape .
More than 50 women have spoken out against Bill Cosby -- who faces up to 30 years in prison .	Here 's what some of them had to say about the verdict .
Police in Boston shot and killed a man under surveillance by the U.S. Joint Terrorism Task Force , Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said .
Mitsubishi Materials said two of its subsidiaries had falsified data on products , including some used in cars and airplanes .
The man who gunned down nine people at an Oregon community college was enrolled in the class where the fatal shootings occurred , Douglas County Sheriff John Hanlin said in a news release .
Amid an intensifying battle over health care reform , Breitbart News has escalated its battle against House Speaker Paul Ryan .
President Obama threatens Russia with new sanctions over Ukraine as the Ukrainian Prime Minister also came out with tough words for Moscow .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that the Trump admin plans to appeal rulings from two federal judges that have blocked the revised travel ban .
Women age 60 and older are twice as likely to develop Alzheimer 's compared to breast cancer , according to a report from the Alzheimer 's Association .
Polish politician Janusz Korwin-Mikke is being investigated over hate speech after saying `` women must earn less than men '' in a European Parliament debate on the gender pay gap .
Hurricane Arthur does little damage -- beyond dumping rain -- along the East Coast .
The specter of chemical weapons attacks in the Syrian civil war emerged on Tuesday , with the government and rebels each blaming the other side for using them .
A jury has found Philadelphia abortion provider Dr. Kermit Gosnell guilty of three counts of first-degree murder .
3D Systems partners with Hershey to make a machine that prints chocolate .
President Obama says no U.S. troops to Iraq for now , but other options being considered .
Experts explain how number crunching confirmed flight path of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which Malaysia said ended in the Indian Ocean .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday it 's `` highly likely '' the Senate intelligence committee will investigate former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn 's discussions with the Russian ambassador .
A woman on trial for urging her boyfriend to kill himself was delusional after becoming `` involuntarily intoxicated '' by antidepressants , a psychiatrist said Monday .
If Sony Pictures can get the deal done in time , `` The Interview '' will premiere simultaneously in independently-owned movie theaters and living rooms on Christmas Day .
Thousands of people gather in a Boston convention center to mark the anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings .
The June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower with Donald Trump Jr. , Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort included at least eight people .
Recently discovered photo negatives remind us that Antarctica has been stopping explorers in their tracks for more than a century .
Virginia Democratic Gov .	Terry McAuliffe is the subject of an ongoing investigation by the FBI and prosecutors from the Justice Department 's public integrity unit , U.S. officials briefed on the probe say .
Even the President of the United States has to deal with jealous boyfriends .
Billionaire Alibaba founder Jack Ma says he sees decades of pain ahead as the internet continues to disrupt the traditional economy .
After the last of its kind died out 12,000 years ago , an animal that managed to stump Charles Darwin is finally being added to the tree of life .
Children should not be given fruit juice before they are 1 year old unless it 's advised by a doctor , according to new guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics .
Greg Hicks , former deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , Libya , told congressional investigators that the State Department internal review of the catastrophe at the mission in Benghazi `` let people off the hook , '' CNN has learned .
President Donald Trump expressed openness to holding talks between the United States and North Korea during a call with South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Wednesday , the latest of Trump 's forays into inter-Korean relations .
The funeral of the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il unfolded Wednesday in a snow-laden Pyongyang .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Who should Mitt Romney choose as his running mate ?	According to a new national poll , there 's no consensus among Republicans .	But a CNN/ORC International survey released Wednesday does indicate there 's an ideological split that could put pressure on Romney , the all but certai ...
The deadline to pick an insurance plan through healthcare.gov is Dec. 24 , though some state-based exchanges have later deadlines .	Do n't forget to pay your premium .
After allegedly leading police on a bullet-riddled chase and barricading himself inside a house , a wanted man in California surrendered early Saturday .
Hurricane Maria 's eye has left Puerto Rico , but the mammoth storm is still lashing the island with devastating winds .
President-elect Donald Trump has yet to take office , but pollsters have already begun to dip their toes into the next presidential cycle .
Sylvester Stallone appealed Monday for an end to `` speculation and questionable reporting '' about his son 's death last week , while the coroner investigates .
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett this week showed a little more leg in his campaign to get Congress to raise taxes on the uber-rich .	In a letter to Republican Rep. Tim Huelskamp Tuesday , Buffett revealed that his adjusted gross income last year was $ 62,855,038 and his taxable income was $ 39,814,784 .	Buffett said he paid $ 15,300 in payroll taxes .
A 3-year-old boy shot his father and pregnant mother over the weekend inside a hotel room in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Oscar Pistorius ' family `` shaken '' by photos that purportedly show the bathroom where his girlfriend was killed .
Jennifer Aniston is headed to the White House in an upcoming Netflix comedy film , and she 's bringing her wife with her .
In the race to control your car 's OS , Apple pulls ahead of Google and Microsoft .
Airlines around the world canceled flights to and from the northeast United States as a massive storm slammed into the coast of New Jersey and New York .
Hip-hop artist Wyclef Jean says he has submitted the necessary paperwork to run for president of Haiti , a country he left when he was a child .
Marchers joined rallies across France and the rest of Europe Wednesday evening following a terror attack on the Charlie Hebdo magazine that left 12 dead .
Secretary of State Kerry wo n't say the U.S. is at war with ISIS , saying U.S. strategy has `` things that one does n't think of normally in context of war . ''
President-elect Donald Trump will nominate retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as his secretary of defense , he announced Thursday in Cincinnati at the beginning of his post-election tour .
North Korea tested a missile that appears to have the range to hit major US cities , experts say , and prompted condemnation from the United States and China .
Brian Encinia , the Texas state trooper who arrested Sandra Bland , has been indicted on a perjury charge , prosecutors said Wednesday .
Two bodies recovered in the search for a missing Florida family have been identified and rescue crews have ended search operations , Coast Guard Capt .	Gregory Case said Saturday .
President Donald Trump on Tuesday said he believes the reaction to the allegations of sexual assault and other misconduct against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh makes it `` a very scary time for young men in America . ''
Justin Bieber just officially made Hailey Baldwin `` One Less Lonely Girl . ''
Amid the motivational speeches from NBA legend Kobe Bryant and Hollywood mega-star Will Smith , the `` Caribbean Dreams '' -themed pool party , relentless networking and high-level panels on equally high-level high finance , there was one constant at one of the world 's premiere hedge fund conferences : Donald Trump .
The U.S. dropped bombs Sunday in central Mosul , Iraq , destroying a building containing huge amounts of cash ISIS was using to pay its troops .
U.S. President Barack Obama staged a symbolic demonstration of his attempt to elicit reforms from the authoritarian government in Cuba Monday .
North Korea announced it has successfully tested an intercontinental ballistic missile , according to state media .
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee members are assessing allegations from whistleblowers that have told the panel about nominee Ronny Jackson 's questionable behavior including excessive drinking and a `` toxic '' work environment under his leadership , according to two former White House medical staff members who have spoken with the committee .
Donald Trump says he 's not blaming George W. Bush for 9/11 , but he claims that if he 'd been president , the attacks never would have happened .
Douglas Rushkoff says the 29-year-old technology expert pressed pause and considered the harm mass surveillance is doing to human freedom .
Defrocked US Roman Catholic priest Paul Shanley is set for release from prison 12 years after his conviction on child rape charges , a Massachusetts prosecutor said Tuesday .
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius is expected to be grilled Wednesday when she becomes the highest-ranking official to testify about the problems plaguing the HealthCare.gov website as well as questions surrounding the implementation of the Affordable Care Act .
Updated 7/30/2013 at 1:43pm ( CNN ) -	Virginia Gov .	Bob McDonnell is giving back every tangible gift he received from a wealthy executive at the heart of a federal investigation , he said Tuesday .
About 10,000 people from Myanmar fled across the border into Thailand on Monday to escape fighting between Myanmar government forces and a splinter group of rebels of the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army , military and border officials told CNN .
The deaths of 22 more children from flu-related causes were reported Friday by the CDC in its weekly surveillance report .	The virus is still widespread in 48 states .
More than 30 overdoses in Cincinnati on Wednesday and at least 20 on Tuesday are thought to be from heroin laced with carfentanil , an elephant tranquilizer .
Washington ( CNN ) -Democratic	National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz might `` say anything , '' but she also might take it back .	After being blasted by opponents for invoking Jim Crow during a critique of voter identification laws backed by Republicans , the congresswoman admitted using the ...
( CNN ) –	President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama celebrated Christmas in the President ’ s weekly address Wednesday , taking time in particular to thank the men and women of the U.S. military .
A knife-wielding man killed at least one person at the Saint-Charles train station in Marseille , France , before police killed the attacker , according to CNN affiliate BFM .
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings declared Wednesday that the city is facing an emergency as the West Nile virus spreads , killing at least 14 people in Texas and 26 nationwide , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
President Donald Trump 's daughter faced backlash after her lifestyle brand 's Twitter account -- `` IvankaTrumpHQ '' -- gave what some considered an insensitive Memorial Day holiday tip .
A defector who once worked as a computer expert says North Korea runs a vast network of hackers committing cyberwarfare against its perceived enemies .
Four days after the crash that killed actor Paul Walker and his friend and financial manager Roger Rodas , big questions remain unanswered , including :
If you have ever doubted the importance of the humble Oxford comma , let this supremely persnickety Maine labor dispute set you straight .
`` Saturday Night Live '' opened with a rematch of Alec Baldwin 's Donald Trump taking on Kate McKinnon 's Hillary Clinton in a presidential debate .
Dozens of restaurants in China have been busted for serving noodles , hotpot , grilled fish and fried chicken seasoned with possibly addictive opium poppies .
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney picked up two more big endorsements this week , but neither appears likely to have much impact .
A quick glance at the TV Thursday afternoon produced a bit of a stunner : The National Rifle Association announced its support of further regulations on bump stocks , the mechanism that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock used to turn a semi-automatic weapon into something resembling a fully automatic one and murder 58 people .
President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order on religious liberty as early as Thursday , pushing out new policy that is likely to draw a stiff rebuke from the LGBT community .
The head of the interim government in eastern Libya pleaded Wednesday for the international community to move quickly to impose a no-fly zone over Libya , declaring that any delay would result in more casualties .
What 's in a name ?	After a week of social media speculation , IHOP has ended the mystery .
Third Eye Blind taunted Republicans Tuesday night in a charity concert at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland during the party 's convention , and a frustrated audience responded with persistent boos .
Gas prices in California are higher than the national average -- here 's a look at why that 's the case .
Washington ( CNN ) -- The organizers of American Crossroads have formed a new super PAC called the `` Conservative Victory Project , '' aiming to make sure Republican congressional primary victors can also win the general election .
An initial investigation shows there is no sign of foul play in the death of a woman who fell from a roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas , authorities said .
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned hostile remarks toward Israel and the denial of the Holocaust in Iran Thursday .
Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman bends over in the shower of his cell , a short wall blocking the camera 's view of his body .	But he never resurfaces .
By Dan Merica , CNN Washington ( CNN ) – When he campaigns in southern Florida on Monday , Mitt Romney will have an unwelcome traveling partner : a mobile billboard attacking his religion .
Peru 's world renowned Nazca Lines were damaged when a rig plowed into the ancient site on Saturday , the country 's ministry of culture said .
A day of peaceful protests devolved into a night of Molotov cocktails and tear gas as rage boiled over in Ferguson , Missouri .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein emerged this week as perhaps the most unlikely character in the politically charged drama over the firing of FBI Director James Comey .
U.S. and Russian officials hold a second day of talks on a solution to the Syrian chemical weapons crisis .
Maddy Wilford , a junior at Stoneman Douglas High School , spoke Monday at the hospital where she was taken after being shot at least three times .
Iran 's supreme leader expressed stark dissatisfaction with the nuclear agreement , laying out new `` red lines '' only a week before the deal 's deadline .
A man who survived the Las Vegas massacre in October died several weeks later in a hit-and-run in southern Nevada .
NATO will suspend `` all practical civilian and military cooperation '' with Russia because of its annexation of Crimea .
President Donald Trump wo n't release the Democratic rebuttal to the Republican intelligence memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority at this time , and has sent it back to the House Intelligence Committee for changes .
After # NursesUnite , `` The View '' hosts say comments comments about Miss America contestant taken out of context .
The mayor of a southern Georgia city was shot in his home Thursday night and is being treated at a hospital , the city manager told CNN Friday .
Washington ( CNN )	- If lawmakers delay taking action now on climate change it could cost taxpayers exponentially more in the future to deal with the effects of a warming planet , the White House is warning Tuesday .
President-elect Donald Trump has revived some China-bashing lines from the campaign , but the misleading claims still puzzle economists .
Pope Francis is holding an audience with journalists Saturday -- his first meeting with the media since he was elected three days ago .
Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama condemned disgraced Hollywood executive Harvey Weinstein on Tuesday , marking their first public comments on the matter since reports of his alleged predatory behavior broke five days ago .
The United States and China have hit pause on a potential a trade war .	Now comes the hard part .
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Sunday despite Donald Trump 's campaign rhetoric , lawmakers are not prepared to form a deportation force to round-up and deport undocumented immigrants .
A hunter in Norway shot dead two moose before realizing moments later that he was shooting through the fence of a zoo .
The funeral Friday for controversial Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reflected his status a revered figure .
A counterfeit perfume bottle , an east London hotel and two burly Russians likely traveling under aliases : just some of the unprecedented details revealed by British authorities of how they believe the Novichok poisonings in Salisbury were carried out .
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that the United States and almost 40 other nations would not participate in the first-ever talks on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons .
Howard Stern said on his program Thursday that Trump will hate being president and the role will be detrimental to his mental health .
Zachary Hammond , 19 , was on a date July 26 when he was fatally shot twice by a police officer while at the parking lot of a Hardee 's in Seneca , South Carolina .
( CNN )	-- Mitt Romney 's campaign said Thursday they had a behemoth fund-raising month in June , bringing in more than $ 100 million , two Republican sources confirmed .
Officials from President-elect Donald Trump 's transition team attempted to distance themselves Tuesday from Michael G. Flynn -- the son and former top aide to his father , retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , who is Trump 's pick for national security adviser and was involved in the transition effort .
There may be one benefit to the heavy rain from Hurricane Matthew : It could reduce the Zika-carrying mosquito population and break the transmission cycle .
A Chinese icebreaker heading to free a polar expedition vessel trapped in an Antarctic ice floe also got stuck Friday .
Austin police just confirmed what residents have feared for weeks -- a suspected serial bomber is attacking their city .
The man who murdered a television reporter and cameraman on live television set up websites that featured gay porn , according to records obtained by CNN .
US President Donald Trump signed a new executive order Monday that bans immigration from six Muslim-majority countries , dropping Iraq from January 's previous order , and reinstates a temporary blanket ban on all refugees .
Tesla is losing more money than expected as it nears the launch of its first mass market car .
Steel tariffs could force Mid-Continent Nail , the nation 's largest nail factory , to close or move to Mexico , costing 500 jobs .
A teenage girl in Nepal has died after she was bitten by a snake while banished to a cowshed during a menstruation ritual that sees young women separated from their families and made to sleep alone .
Canada 's largest school system announced it will no longer allow student or staff trips to the US , citing uncertainty over the travel ban .
Was George Zimmerman or Trayvon Martin screaming for help before Martin was shot dead ?	Zimmerman 's mother says it was her son , Martin 's mother says it was hers .
A gunman opened fire at a high school near Portland , Oregon , killing one student and forcing others to flee .
Former President George H.W .	Bush fell Wednesday while at his summer home in Kennebunkport , Maine , breaking a vertebrae in his neck .
Two police officers in an Atlanta suburb are on administrative leave after their chief watched body camera video that appears to show them joking about using a coin flip app to determine whether a driver would be arrested for reckless driving .
Fox 's `` A Christmas Story Live ! ''	did n't quite bring the holiday cheer on Sunday night .	Harsh criticism kept coming on social media throughout duration of the live event .
A new study found that in 2009 through 2013 , the median age of survival for cystic fibrosis patients was 50.9 years in Canada , compared with just 40.6 years in the US .
Wreckage from the USS Lexington -- a US aircraft carrier sunk by the Japanese during World War II -- has been discovered 500 miles off the Australian coast by a team of explorers led by billionaire Paul Allen , the Microsoft co-founder announced on Monday .
Louis Jordan took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and was n't been heard from until he was spotted 66 days later drifting in the Atlantic Ocean .
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis , who was jailed for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , has been released from custody after a judge 's order .
While the professional game of golf gears up for 2015 in rude health , at grassroots level the sport finds itself in the rough .
According to a study published today in PeerJ , bonobos communicate similarly to human infants , which means `` baby-talk '' may not be uniquely human .
An American arrested after a car bombing in northern Sinai in August was found dead in an Egyptian police station Sunday , authorities said .
At least nine people are dead after a phone call from a Walmart employee led to the discovery of dozens of undocumented immigrants severely injured in the back of a tractor-trailer in Texas early Sunday , according to federal authorities .
Best selling spy book on Amazon is the Kindle edition of the Senate 's report on the CIA 's torture program .
Like a harried regulator stepping into the revolving door to Wall Street , Google CEO Eric Schmidt will spend the next year restocking his bank account .	Google ( GOOG ) said Thursday afternoon Schmidt will step aside after 10 years as chief executive .	He ’ ll be replaced by co-founder Larry Page .	Schmidt will
Michael , now a Category 1 hurricane slashing Cuba , is forecast to be a `` dangerous major hurricane '' when it smacks the US Gulf Coast on Wednesday , the National Hurricane Center said .
Some members of Congress plan to make a statement during President Donald Trump 's first State of the Union address later this month by wearing the color black .
What does AT & T ’ s $ 39 billion acquisition of T-Mobile USA	mean for Sprint ?	A whole lot of trouble .	Image via Wikipedia Sprint ( S ) , the third-largest U.S. carrier , has struggled to find its niche for years .	It spent
The United States is delaying a missile test to avoid any misperceptions by North Korea amid mounting tensions , a Department of Defense official said Saturday .
Kevin Powell says we do n't know what prompted Jovan Belcher 's desperate acts , but we do know about the toll the culture of manhood takes
Pope Francis used his New Year 's Day address to highlight the struggles of migrants and refugees , calling upon global leaders to offer more assistance in 2018 .
in a speech , Donald Trump sought to regain control of his campaign narrative by turning attention away from the turmoil roiling his operation and onto Hillary Clinton .
Emergency departments across the US saw about a 30 % increase in opioid overdoses from July 2016 to September 2017 , a new CDC report finds .
Plumbing new depths in the battle for television ratings , abandoned babies are being given away on a controversial prime-time game show in Pakistan .
A Southwest flight traveling from New York City to Dallas flight made an emergency landing in Philadelphia .	Follow here for the latest .
An Oregon man has been charged with abusive sexual contact after he allegedly groped an unaccompanied teen aboard an American Airlines flight .
Sally Yates did n't bring a smoking gun to the latest episode of the long-running political melodrama entwining the White House and Russia .
It 's been nearly four decades since a winter storm in the Atlantic earned a name , and the National Hurricane Center has upgraded Alex to a hurricane .
North Korea may be preparing to carry out additional nuclear and missile tests , according to a report based on information from South Korea 's spy agency .
Ailes started the network almost from scratch in 1996 and built into not just a cable news ratings leader but a profound influence on the right wing of American politics .
The Food and Drug Administration approves Targiniq ER , a drug that relieves pain while at the same time deterring misuse .
Angela McQueen , a teacher in Illinois , stopped a student who opened fire inside a high school cafeteria .
First there was the song and now , a concert .
Carly Fiorina has a message for Donald Trump :	Yes , `` look at this face . ''
A Mexican federal judge rules that Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman can be extradited to the United States , according to a Monday news release from the Mexican court .
Put down the California crab legs -- they could be poisonous .
Bernie Sanders ' campaign on Tuesday called reports of voting irregularities in New York state `` a disgrace '' as local officials rushed to condemn the city Board of Elections for stripping more than 125,000 Democratic voters from the rolls .
Marco Rubio showed why he spooks Democrats , while Ted Cruz tried to put a scare into Donald Trump during CNN 's town hall Wednesday night .
ISIS is planning to mint its own currency in gold , silver and copper , the group said Thursday .
The cause of Sandra Bland 's death was hanging ; the manner of death was suicide , a prosecutor told reporters , citing preliminary autopsy results .
Former New Jersey Gov .	Chris Christie issued a statement Friday saying he has asked not to be considered for the White House chief of staff job after meeting with President Donald Trump to discuss the role .
A former Navy SEAL who said his 150-plus sniper kills prompted Iraqi insurgents to place a bounty on his head , was fatally shot at a Texas gun range .
With ISIS making gains , bomb makers sharing their expertise and terrorists forging new ties , there 's concern that Mideast terror could spread to the West .
In the first State of the Union Address of his new term , the president should sketch a broad vision for America , says Julian Zelizer
A Turkish food delivery company has awarded its 114 employees a combined bonus of $ 27 million .
Graham died on December 20 from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at the age of 69 .
New study shows Asians will become the largest immigrant group in the U.S.	And by 2065 , U.S. population will hit 441 million -- 88 % of increase from immigrants .
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study .
Australian owners have named their racehorse Horsey McHorseface a month after a UK poll chose Boaty McBoatFace as the top name for a $ 300m research ship .
Several Syrian activist groups Saturday reported that a brutal attack on the remnants of the rebel-held city of Douma in Eastern Ghouta left dozens of civilians dead and scores wounded .
The effort to defend George Zimmerman against murder charges in Travyon Martin neared its end Wednesday .
Police chief :	The Ferguson police officer who shot Michael Brown did n't stop him because he was suspected in a recent robbery .
A lock-unlock lever on the doomed Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo was moved earlier than it should have been , the NTSB said .
( CNN ) -	It seemed like White House Press Secretary Jay Carney was waiting for the question when he was asked Thursday about Jay-Z 's newest rap , which focuses on his U.S. government-approved trip to Cuba with wife Beyonce last week .
Federal investigators exploring whether Donald Trump 's campaign colluded with Russian spies have seized on Trump and his associates ' financial ties to Russia as one of the most fertile avenues for moving their probe forward , according to people familiar with the investigation .
President Donald Trump 's administration is expected to sanction `` several '' Russian oligarchs with ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin over 2016 election interference , according to two senior administration officials .
Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan is in critical condition , a spokeswoman at a Dallas hospital said Saturday .
Stopping short of directly addressing intensifying speculation about a PlayStation phone , Sony 's Peter Dille acknowledged that its portable game system could be due for a change soon .
Soaring temperatures and strong winds have combined to create a `` catastrophic '' fire threat across the southeast Australian state of New South Wales .
The British tabloid News of the World hacked Kate Middleton 's phone while she was dating Prince William , a prosecutor told a London court .
Lawyers for the boyfriend of Denise Huskins say he was n't lying to police about being bound and drugged during her reported abduction .
United States carried out humanitarian airdrops to the Iraqi town of Amerli , where thousands of minority Shiite Turkmen have been surrounded .
First lady Melania Trump spoke out against cyberbullying Monday as part of her Be Best campaign , warning against `` destructive and harmful '' uses of social media and once again highlighting a messaging rift between the East Wing and the West Wing .
George Stephanopoulos , the chief anchor of ABC News , apologized on Thursday for not telling viewers or his bosses about $ 50,000 in recent donations to the Clinton Foundation .
Joran van der Sloot 's Peruvian attorney has resigned from defending the murder suspect , the attorney told Peru 's Foreign Press Association on Monday .
Kim Jong Un 's visit to Moscow is off , Russian official says .
A 4.1 magnitude earthquake struck Friday night in west-central South Carolina , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .
Amber Vinson , the second Dallas health care worker who was found to have the Ebola virus , should not have boarded a commercial jet Monday , health officials say .
Customers at Joe 's Crab Shack in Minnesota offended to see a hanging of two black men depicted as a part of their table 's decor .
So far this year , hackers have stolen at least 6 million Social Security numbers .	It confirms how useless it is to prove your identity .
Not even in his wildest dreams did Abul Bajandra think he would live to see this day .
Researchers confirm the first identifciation of the degenerative brain disease CTE in a living person , previously only determined wiht a brain exam after death .
A drug-resistant bacteria is growing below Rio de Janeiro 's most stunning beaches .
Rick Perry weighs in on Texas A & M 's first openly gay student body president -- and , people are wondering why .
President Donald Trump sought to rebut claims Monday that he damaged Israeli intelligence capabilities by revealing highly classified information to Russian operatives earlier this month .
The first major snowstorm of 2015 has hit the Northeastern United States .	Find out what 's expected across the region .
North Korea is believed to be pocketing huge sums from tens of thousands of its citizens who are sent abroad to toil in forced labor conditions , the U.N. says .
Melania Trump announced Thursday that she took down her website , acknowledging that it contained inaccuracies .
The FBI rejected a recent White House request to publicly knock down media reports about communications between Donald Trump 's associates and Russians known to US intelligence during the 2016 presidential campaign , multiple US officials briefed on the matter tell CNN .
Top diplomats are flocking to the site of ongoing Iran nuclear talks in Geneva .
Read full coverage of the unrest in Egypt updated continually by CNN reporters worldwide .	Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of Egypt 's major cities on Friday , prompting the government to deploy the army to keep the peace for the first time since unrest began Tuesday .
UPS backlog left some Americans with gifts missing from under the Christmas tree Wednesday morning .
( CNN ) --	In the thousands of words spoken in Tuesday 's presidential debate , it was four awkwardly phrased ones that set the Internet afire : Binders full of women .
The part of the Obamacare website that allows people to apply for coverage will now be taken offline nightly between 1 and 5 a.m . ET , the site 's home page says .
An 8-year-old girl died Saturday after falling from a cruise ship 's interior atrium to a lower deck , the Miami-Dade Police Department said .
A gunman who opened fire at a New Jersey mall Monday night later holed up in a back room and shot himself in the head , authorities say .
( CNN ) --	During his much-watched appearance at the National Press Club Monday , presidential candidate Herman Cain concluded his speech with a rare performance of singing a gospel song .
David Weinberger says FB 's psychological experiments on users were only a more intrusive version of what the company does every time we visit our page
The Reddit user who initially claimed credit for President Donald Trump 's tweet that showed Trump tackling CNN issued an apology Tuesday for the video and other offensive content he posted -- one day after CNN identified the man behind the account and attempted to make contact with him .
JK Rowling says Hermione should have married Harry Potter , not Ron
Under crisp blue skies , about 1,000 well-wishers turned out at the Meiji Shrine in Tokyo Monday to catch a glimpse of Japan 's Princess Ayako and her groom Kei Moriya on their wedding day .
By Jessica Ravitz , CNN ( CNN ) -- Just days after she announced to the world from tornado-ravaged Moore , Oklahoma , that she is an atheist , it looks like Rebecca Vitsmun has found salvation .	Not from the Lord , mind you , but from other atheists and friends of atheists .
U.S. and Mexican authorities differ on whether a helicopter crossed into Arizona and fired two shots near U.S. border agents Thursday .
( CNN ) --	Seeking to put to rest any confusion , the Iowa Republican Party affirmed late Friday night that Rick Santorum took first place in the Iowa caucuses .
The National Park Service is calling part of a Civil War battlefield `` an active crime scene '' following a series of excavations .
A car crashed through the walls of a Fort Myers , Florida , church during Easter Service , injuring close to two dozen people , police said .
A former district attorney in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , claims he agreed more than a decade ago that his office would n't use a civil deposition given by Bill Cosby in any criminal matters , an e-mail obtained by CNN shows -- a revelation that could call into question the viability of the criminal case against the comedian .
For five years , they pursued her , always one step behind as she used aliases and altered her appearance to elude them .
A tornado flattened buildings , snapped trees and tossed tractor-trailers like toys as it touched down in Joplin , Missouri , on Sunday night , causing an unknown number of deaths and injuries .
The National Park Service proposes more than doubling the entrance fees at 17 popular national parks , such as the Grand Canyon , Yosemite , and Yellowstone .
Forget the burned jerseys .	Never mind The Letter .	LeBron James won titles in Miami but his heart was in Cleveland , and he 's ready to go home .
Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price cuts his pay from nearly $ 1 million so company can afford to make $ 70,000 the minimum wage .
President Donald Trump suggested to House Republicans at a bipartisan meeting on tax reform that if they fail to act on health care , he would work with Democrats instead , issuing a loaded warning on a topic that 's seen little to no cooperation between the two parties .
Top White House aides are	worried FBI Director Christopher Wray could quit if the highly controversial Republican memo alleging the FBI abused its surveillance tools is released , multiple sources with knowledge of the situation tell CNN .
Two US intelligence agency chiefs refused to say on the record Wednesday whether President Donald Trump asked them to downplay investigations into whether there was collusion between Russia and Trump 's presidential campaign last year .
Meals on Wheels received 50 times the typical amount of daily donations on Thursday after the White House proposed cuts to some of the program 's sources of funding , a spokesperson for the group said .
Donald Trump is facing another political mess -- this time just five weeks from Election Day .
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman 's office is investigating Donald Trump 's charitable foundation `` to make sure it 's complying with the laws governing charities in New York , '' he said Tuesday .
American Airlines has already called Alec Baldwin `` extremely rude , '' and now the actor is n't making any friends at Greyhound either .
Lack responded to reports published last week in The New York Times and the Daily Beast .
In order to avoid the death penalty , U.S. Army Staff Sgt .	Robert Bales intends to plead guilty in the killing of 16 Afghan villagers , his lawyer said Wednesday .
Senators could n't muster enough bipartisan support to pass a series of gun control measures Monday , the latest in a long string of failed attempts at enacting tighter curbs on firearms in the United States .
Cap and goggles belonging to a 63-year-old woman presumed to have been `` taken '' by a large shark have been found , along with human remains , Australian police say .
Here 's what we know about Cesar Sayoc ,	the Florida man who law enforcement sources say was arrested in connection with suspected explosive packages that were discovered this week .
Three people were killed and 16 injured Wednesday when a shooter opened fire at Fort Hood , officials said .	The suspect died of a self-inflicted wound .
CNN 's New York offices and studios were evacuated due to a phoned-in bomb threat , the company said .
Notorious mob boss James `` Whitey ''	Bulger was brutally beaten in the fatal attack Tuesday at the Hazelton prison in Bruceton Mills , according to law enforcement officials .
President Donald Trump pardoned two men on Tuesday who were involved in a dispute with federal authorities over federal land usage that sparked the takeover of a wildlife refuge in Oregon .
After Watson , the Jeopardy-playing computer , finishes its face off this week , IBM says it 's time to get down to business .
President Barack Obama plans to travel to Palm Springs after the inauguration Friday , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday .
The drinks giant on Monday announced a takeover of the Israeli company that sells do-it-yourself seltzer makers .
President Donald Trump is expected to grant new authority to US troops on the Southwest border with Mexico to protect Customs and Border Protection personnel from migrants if they engage in violence , according to two defense officials and another US official directly familiar with the plans .	An additional administration official tells CNN that the authority will also authorize protection of federal property .
Hillary Clinton blamed trust issues on the `` barrage of attacks that are largely fomented by and coming from the right . ''
Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins said on Sunday that she does not believe Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore 's denials of the sexual allegations against him and hopes the state 's voters do not send him to Washington .
A study finds that air pollution from Asia directly affects the storm pattern over the Pacific Ocean .
We 're all doomed .	Unless we can figure out how to get the heck off this planet .
The Medal of Honor will be awarded to a Navy SEAL for his role in rescuing an American civilian being held hostage by Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan .
The White House Correspondents ' Association is shelving its tradition of having a comedian roast the president and the press corps at its annual fundraising dinner .	Instead , famed author Ron Chernow will be the featured speaker .
Republicans and Democrats will sit down with President Donald Trump in a bipartisan meeting Tuesday aimed at moving closer to protecting hundreds of thousands of immigrants from deportation , but a long-entrenched partisan divide over immigration policy and a looming budget deadline are threatening progress .
As investigators track the gun purchases of Florida school shooter Nikolas Cruz , dozens of students and staff from the site of the massacre will board buses late Tuesday , bound for the state capital .
FBI agents raided the offices of California state Sen. Ron Calderon and the Latino legislative caucus on Tuesday .	It was not immediately clear why .
Facebook has taken down pages , groups and accounts it identified as part of a coordinated disinformation campaign that originated in Iran and targeted countries around the world .	It also found a number of new pages connected to Russia .
Former Destiny 's Child singer Michelle Williams has revealed she 's now happy and healthy after recently seeking medical help for mental health issues .
Mexican authorities have detained so-called `` affluenza '' teen Ethan Couch and his mother near the Mexican beach resort town of Puerto Vallarta , officials said .
President-elect Donald Trump alleged Sunday , without evidence , that `` millions of people '' voted illegally for Hillary Clinton and otherwise he would have won the popular vote .	It 's an unprecedented allegation by a president-elect .
In today 's edition of the `` Good Stuff , '' an eccentric Iowa farmer surprises his community by leaving behind millions after he passes away .	CNN 's Michaela Pereira reports .
Donald Trump will have 90 minutes Sunday night to save his presidential campaign , as he faces off against Hillary Clinton in a debate that will cap one of the most extraordinary weekends in American political history .
Valencia College in Orlando , Florida , is sued over requirements that sonography technician students undergo transvaginal ultrasounds .
Country music star Mindy McCready , 37 , was found dead Sunday from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities said .
A federal judge in Seattle on Friday declined to release from detention a 23-year-old immigrant who had been protected from deportation under Obama-era rules .
The United States acting attorney general -- for the next few days , at least -- is a little-known , but longstanding federal prosecutor .
CBS News president David Rhodes said that Fager 's longtime No . 2 , Bill Owens , will manage the `` 60 Minutes '' team while a search is underway for Fager 's replacement .
The Vatican broke its silence on Thursday about a Pennsylvania grand jury report that detailed decades of sexual abuses by priests and cover-ups by bishops , calling the accusations `` criminal and morally reprehensible . ''
By Eric Marrapodi , CNN Belief Blog Co-Editor	Amid a delicate dance to cut the budget in Congress , agitated religious leaders in Washington said Monday that the cuts being proposed are too deep .
Explosions and anti-aircraft fire thundered in the skies above Tripoli early Sunday , but it was not clear whether they resulted from another round of cruise missile attacks by allies determined to stop Moammar Gadhafi 's offensive against Libyan opposition forces .
The fake Equifax website warns how easy it is to get phished .
ALS `` Ice Bucket Challenge '' went terribly wrong in Campbellsville , Kentucky , when four firefighters were injured .
Harrison Ford is laid up in a hospital , but not in mortal danger .	The actor 's single-engine plane skidded to a landing on a golf course on Thursday .
Researchers have discovered a gigantic complex of 200 million termite mounds in northeastern Brazil , which may be up to 4,000 years old and covers an area about the size of Great Britain .
Strangers , friends and rescuers are scraping through the remains of the Enrique Rebsamen School in Mexico City , looking for missing children and others who may be trapped within .
Three killed -- including 8-year-old boy -- in bomb blasts near finish line of Boston Marathon , officials say .	Area hospitals say at least 144 are injured , including eight children .	Two explosions happened at about 2:50 p.m .
Donald Trump on Wednesday laid out for the first time how he will reform the U.S. health care system after repeatedly pledging to `` repeal and replace Obamacare with something much better . ''
A senior U.S. administration official on Sunday identified the Al-Shabaab commander targeted in the Somalia raid .
President Donald Trump said Thursday his administration will impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports as early as next week , a highly controversial move that Trump framed along economic and national security lines .
Hong Kong residents huddled indoors Sunday and strong winds sent debris flying , as Typhoon Mangkhut carved a destructive and deadly path from the Philippines toward mainland China .
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said Sunday that the Senate should refuse to confirm a new FBI director until the Department of Justice appoints a special counsel to lead a probe into allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia .
At least one person was killed Friday when what is suspected to have been a World War II-era bomb detonated unexpectedly in Euskirchen , Germany .
A U.S. general in charge of nuclear weapons boozed , fraternized with `` hot women '' and disrespected his hosts during a visit to Russia , a report shows .
Samy El-Goarany allegedly told his parents he was going to school in New York -- but instead flew to Turkey and crossed into Syria .
Italian officials are investigating reports that an infant survived an abortion , living for `` a whole day '' after having been left to die by hospital staff , the Italian Ministry of Health said .
President Barack Obama is sending about 100 U.S. troops to Africa to help hunt down the leaders of the notoriously violent Lord 's Resistance Army .
President Donald Trump on Wednesday fired Attorney General Jeff Sessions .	Matthew Whitaker will take over as acting attorney general .
As the world hunted him , the younger brother suspected in the Boston Marathon bombings acted like any other college sophomore .
A suspected serial bank robber wanted in incidents in three East Coast states has been arrested in Medford , New York , the FBI said Tuesday .
People may look at Anaya Ellick and see a child who 'll have a lifetime of challenges .	But a second look at her reveals a girl who 's providing a lifetime of inspiration .
Steve Esmond and family were poisoned by pesticide methyl bromide while vacationing in U.S. Virgin Islands ; family 's case against Terminix going to mediation .
In what is perhaps the fiercest and the most exhaustive attack against Donald Trump in hip-hop , Eminem `` came to stomp '' at the BET Awards .
Bill Cosby has been accused by more than 50 women of sexual assault , but his legal fate will be decided by testimony from just two of his accusers .
ISIS has released audio purportedly featuring the terror group 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , attempting to rally ISIS fighters in the battle for Mosul .
Ted Cruz 's win over Donald Trump in Wisconsin means a contested GOP convention is not only possible , but may be probable .	And Bernie Sanders reminded Hillary Clinton that the Democratic race is n't over yet .
One of the pilots on Germanwings Flight 9525 was locked out of the cockpit when the plane crashed , a senior military official told The New York Times .
John Kelly is expected to resign as White House chief of staff in the coming days , two sources familiar with the situation unfolding in the West Wing tell CNN .
Nigeria says it is deploying troops and resources in conjunction with the country 's state of emergency .
President Barack Obama will appoint Ron Klain his `` Ebola czar , '' knowledgeable sources tell CNN .
Donald Trump has escalated his attacks on Fox News host Megyn Kelly , calling her `` sick '' and urging his followers to boycott her show .
For Rep. Martha McSally , there may be another way to get to the Senate : an appointment .
A woman accused of driving a minivan into the Atlantic Ocean with her three children in Florida was arrested on three counts of attempted first-degree murder .
Mass murderer Dylann Roof told a psychologist his death penalty would n't be carried out because he 'd `` be rescued by white nationalists after they took over the government . ''
Founded by Andy Warhol in 1969 , fabled Interview Magazine is shutting down .
Ten suffered minor injuries when the nose gear of a Southwest Airlines jetliner collapsed at LaGuardia Airport .
Mississippi authorities have arrested a man in connection with recent gunfire near the Camp Shelby military post -- though he has n't admitted to shooting .
Three bodies have been discovered in East Cleveland , Ohio , police say , and a man is in custody in connection with the case .
Two commercial pilots flying over the Arizona desert claim they saw an unidentified flying object pass overhead , according to a radio broadcast released by the Federal Aviation Administration .
By Moni Basu , CNN ( CNN ) --	Leon Gersten could not bear to watch “ Schindler ’ s List , ” the movie about Czech industrialist Oskar Schindler who saved 1,200 Jews from Nazi extermination camps .	It was too painful for the Holocaust survivor , too close to reality .
The NAACP has warned African-American travelers to be careful when flying with American Airlines .	The company says it 's ready to `` listen and engage . ''
The wife of the retired lawyer who was killed this week when a mail bomb detonated outside their home has died , the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said .
A 9-month-old Pakistani boy bawled as he was fingerprinted and booked in Lahore on an attempted murder charge .
At a time when most college campuses prohibit guns , Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. thinks the opposite should be the case .
A vote on a measure to allow Deer Trail , Colorado , residents to shoot down federal drones has been postponed while a court decides if the ordinance is legal .
( CNN )	-- Former President George W. Bush took the ice bucket challenge , and is now challenging his predecessor in the White House to follow in his footsteps .
Richard `` Dick '' Trickle -- who made a name for himself as a NASCAR driver -- died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , an N.C. sheriff 's office said .
US Vice President Mike Pence was set to meet with North Korean officials , including Kim Jong Un 's sister , during his politically charged visit to the Winter Olympics in South Korea earlier this month , his office confirmed on Tuesday .
Outnumbered and lightly armed , a Green Beret-led team that was ambushed by militants in Niger earlier this month became separated during the firefight .
Ice cracks trees and brings down power lines in the Northeast as temperatures fall 50 degrees below normal in the High Plains .
UPDATE 9:58	p.m .	ET :	Rick Santorum 's campaign confirmed Wednesday they raised $ 1 million in the past 24 hours , with $ 800,000 coming from online donations .
A diamond ring purchased at a car boot sale for £10 ( $ 13 ) has sold for £656,750 ( $ 847,667 ) -- roughly double its initial estimated value .
A number of people were injured after a group of males sprayed them with what appears to be `` a noxious substance '' near Stratford Shopping Centre in East London , London Metropolitan Police said Saturday night .
Dutch Prince Johan Friso died Monday , more than 17 months after he suffered a brain injury in an avalanche , the Dutch royal family announced on its website .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders takes reporters ' questions as the crisis at America 's borders grows .	Follow here for the latest .
( CNN ) -	Elizabeth Warren , currently engaged in a heated U.S. Senate race in Massachusetts , said Wednesday she listed herself while teaching at Harvard law school as having Native American roots so she could meet others with similar backgrounds .
Officials with Chicago Public Schools said Thursday that they will close 61 school buildings in a bid to improve education and tackle a $ 1 billion deficit .
The Secret Service said Tuesday it is taking `` appropriate action '' after one of its agents suggested on Facebook that she would not defend President Donald Trump should someone try to shoot him .
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of a Colorado baker who refused to bake a cake to celebrate the marriage of a same sex couple because of a religious objection .
President Donald Trump said it 's `` great ''	that consumers might boycott Harley-Davidson if it moves some motorcycle production overseas .
Baby trapped in car found upside-down in river may have spent 14 hours strapped in car seat .	Mother found dead in driver 's seat .
Local media , social media and sources on the ground in Nevada are reporting ballot shortages and identifications going unchecked at Tuesday 's Republican caucuses .
A man who lost both legs in the Boston Marathon attack is engaged to the woman he was waiting for at the finish line .
Japanese public broadcaster NHK issued an on-air apology Tuesday after issuing an alert incorrectly claiming that North Korea had launched a missile .
FORTUNE Magazine 's annual ranking of America 's 500 largest corporations
Fighters with the Islamic State in Iraq reached the triangle border between Iraq , Syria and Turkey , the militant group said in a Twitter message on Sunday .
After nearly seven weeks on the run , suspected cop killer Eric Matthew Frein is in custody , Pennsylvania State Police spokeswoman Connie Devens said .
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday told 149 regional airports across the country it would begin closing their air traffic control towers in April , but said it would spare another 40 towers that had been on the chopping block .
Vice President Mike Pence urged special counsel Robert Mueller on Thursday to end his investigation into potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election .
Investigators think a woman who worked with Richard Matt , David Sweat at Clinton Correctional Facility planned to pick up the escapees but changed her mind
A 21-year-old American student was stabbed to death in Rotterdam , allegedly by her roommate , police confirmed Friday .
The White House has secured commitments from some of the nation 's largest companies for a plan to boost hiring of the long-term unemployed .
A man who wrestled for Ohio State University about 30 years ago says university officials , including an assistant coach who is now a US congressman , knew about allegations of sexual abuse by a doctor who treated members of the school 's athletic teams .
Barak Barfi is not just the spokesman for the Sotloff family , he and Steven were childhood friends .	He tells Anderson that Steven was targeted by ISIS , sold at the border and was kidnapped at a fake checkpoint .	Barfi also criticizes the government 's handling of the situation .
Deceased Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev participated in a 2011 triple slaying , official says
Senators will be able to start reading the FBI investigation summaries into President Donald Trump 's Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh on Thursday morning , Senate sources told CNN .
Yum said Wednesday that same-store sales in China dropped 20 % in the first quarter , as it continues to grapple with the fallout from a food safety scandal and fears over a new strain of bird flu .
To accommodate the increasing numbers of overweight drivers , car safety experts are developing an obese dummy .
While mining for diamonds in the Namibian desert , one prospector found something much more valuable : a 15th-century shipwreck , filled with gold coins .
Portsmouth , New Hampshire ( CNN ) - Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney asserted firmly Monday he would have given the order to kill Osama bin Laden if he were president , despite past comments in which he questioned the value of hunting down the former al Qaeda chief .
GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson defended his past use of tissue from aborted fetuses for research even as he continued to criticize Planned Parenthood .
The Navy , using a submersible operating almost 3 miles below the ocean 's surface , has identified the cargo ship El Faro , a spokesman says .
President-elect Donald Trump said for the first time Wednesday he believes Russia was responsible for hacking ahead of the election but contemptuously rejected allegations that Moscow mounted a campaign to compromise him .
Police in Oldsmar , Florida , say Christian Gomez decapitated his mother and put her out with the garbage because of her `` nagging . ''
Micheal Brown stared at the acceptance letter in front of him : It said yes .
A French doctor 's report suggests that the strain of cholera ravaging Haiti may have originated with U.N. peacekeepers from Nepal , but U.N. officials and others cautioned that the report was inconclusive .
Sarah Palin knows the position she wants in a Donald Trump administration : Energy secretary .
French fashion house Louis Vuitton is bringing the console to your closet in its latest advertising campaign .
The city of Chicago says it plans to file a lawsuit against the US Justice Department on Monday over new stipulations placed on federal law enforcement grant money requiring local police departments to assist in federal immigration actions .
Amnesty International votes in support of decriminalizing the sex trade .	The move comes despite opposition from anti-trafficking organizations and movie stars .
Wells Fargo targeted vulnerable mom-and-pop businesses in an 'overbilling scheme ' by confusing them with deceptive language , according to a class action lawsuit and a former employee .
U.N. 's refugee agency reports that the number of displaced people is at its highest ever -- surpassing even post-World War 2 numbers .
United Airlines wrongly shipped a Kansas-bound pet dog to Japan , the second embarrassment this week for the airline and a `` nightmare '' for the Swindle family -- who are moving from Oregon to Wichita with their beloved pet , a 10-year-old German shepherd named Irgo .
Despite GOP disarray , House to vote on shutdown plan .
MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow ended the night in tears .	So did many of her viewers .
Singer Chris Brown totaled his car while being `` ruthlessly pursued by paparazzi , '' his representative said .
President Donald Trump accidentally referred to the US Virgin Islands ' governor as their President during a speech Friday -- even though he is technically their President .
Prosecutors in the office of US Attorney Preet Bharara have issued a subpoena for Anthony Weiner 's cell phone and other records , according to law enforcement officials .
'Veep ' actor Peter MacNicol has been disqualified from the Emmy race after the TV Academy realized his nomination violated the rules .
Hillary Clinton had a lot to talk about on Tuesday :	The capture of a key suspect in the Benghazi terror attack , violence in Iraq , marijuana and immigration .
In the highest-profile Congressional testimony in decades , fired FBI Director James Comey spent nearly three hours detailing his interactions with President Donald Trump -- a forced and awkward relationship defined , according to Comey , by a series of lies told about him by Trump .
The Democratic National Convention kicked off Monday without its outgoing Democratic National Committee chairwoman , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , following a chaotic scene at a morning meeting where she was loudly jeered by Bernie Sanders supporters .
The lawyer for Walter Scott , the black man who was shot and killed by a South Carolina police officer last year , is changing his endorsement of Hillary Clinton to Bernie Sanders , his campaign announced Monday .
There will be a number of new and updated emojis in Apple 's iOS 10 , including a replacement for the controversial pistol emoji .
Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom are putting their divorce on hold , the latest twist in their highly publicized relationship .
In the mid-March chilly , the victims and their stories continued to emerge as firefighters ferreted through the piles of bricks and wreckage in East Harlem .
First lady Melania Trump has been in the hospital for four days since a procedure to treat a kidney condition , with no word on when she will be released .
Voters ' views of President Donald Trump 's performance should spell trouble for his party in the midterm elections , Vermont Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders said on CNN 's `` State of the Union . ''
New research suggests toothy images of Tyrannosaurus rex and other large dinosaurs may be wrong .
Six children in Minnesota have been diagnosed with acute flaccid myelitis , known as AFM , since mid-September , state health officials said .
A 17-year-old male student shot two other students at Great Mills High School in Maryland on Tuesday morning before a school resource officer engaged him and stopped the threat , according to St. Mary 's County Sheriff Tim Cameron .
Dubai property developer Balwinder Sahni wanted a license plate bearing the No . 5 so badly that he bid $ 9 million for it at an auction .
President Trump will take reporters ' questions as his Supreme Court nominee faces sexual assault allegations and his deputy attorney general faces an uncertain future .	Follow here for the latest .
Washington ( CNN ) --	A conservative group is launching a new campaign which calls on `` the GOP leadership in both the House and the Senate to step aside . ''	ForAmerica told CNN that it 's putting six figures behind its `` Dump the Leadership '' campaign between now and November 's leadership elections .
Comcast 's NBCUniversal division is acquiring the DreamWorks Animation studio for roughly $ 3.8 billion .
President Barack Obama delivered an impassioned plea to the African-American community Saturday night to help stop Donald Trump , saying he would consider it a `` personal insult '' to his legacy if black voters did n't turn out for Hillary Clinton .
A 54-year-old woman has died and others are hospitalized after being poisoned with botulism at a church potluck dinner in Ohio , health officials said .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Call it a sign of how unsettled the GOP presidential field remains : Two of the three people at the top of new national poll in the battle for the Republican nomination may not even run for the White House .
Men who are economically dependent on their spouses are three times more at risk for cheating than women married to male breadwinners , according to a study .
Tensions remained high Monday as the man suspected of killing a woman during a white supremacist rally in Charlottesvhille appeared before a judge via video .
Colombia 's top rebel group , FARC , announced Monday it will temporarily halt its decades-old battle against government forces starting at midnight .
A seven-year-old boy has gone missing in woods in an area of Japan that is known to be home to wild bears after his parents left him alone as `` punishment '' .
Police have found evidence that `` strongly indicates '' a 12-year-old boy who was witnessed being snatched by a crocodile in a remote part of Australia was killed in the attack .
`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is the champion of the box office this weekend .
By Elizabeth Landau , CNN Capt .	Scott Kelly , a veteran astronaut , will set the record for the longest single space mission for an American , NASA announced Monday .	Kelly and Roscosmos cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko will embark on a one-year mission to the International Space Station in 2015 .
More than 100 former professional football players , including former Atlanta Falcons became the most recent players to sue the NFL .
Protests that erupted at UC Berkeley ahead of a planned Wednesday appearance by right-wing commentator Milo Yiannopoulos caused $ 100,000 worth of damage to the campus , the school said Thursday .
A former Rutgers University student who allegedly watched a web video secretly taken of a male student 's sexual encounter with another man has been admitted to a pretrial intervention program .
Video of the 2015 deputy attorney general confirmation hearing shows Jeff Sessions asking Sally Yates about her responsibility to the president	should he require her to execute `` unlawful '' views .
`` Guinness is good for you ! ''	has long been a slogan for the popular Irish stout and the company will now let you find out whether that is true by putting nutrition labels on its containers .
Apple unveiled a new , smaller iPhone SE and iPad as well as new Watch bands on Monday .
One female student shot and injured another before fatally shooting herself Thursday morning at western Texas ' Alpine High School , a sheriff said .	A federal agent also was accidentally shot by a responding marshal , the sheriff says .
Besides significant property damage , Hurricane Sandy will cost billions of dollars in lost business along the storm 's expected path .
It 's no secret that Las Vegas Assemblywoman Michele Fiore is an ardent supporter of the right to bear arms .
Basketball legend Dennis Rodman arrived in Beijing on Saturday from North Korea without imprisoned American Kenneth Bae .
The State Department released its annual report on the state of human rights across the globe Friday with markedly less fanfare than in previous years .
Jacksonville , Florida ( CNN ) --	One day before the final GOP presidential debate in Florida , it 's all tied up between Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich , according to a new survey .
White nationalists groups rallied Saturday in Shelbyville	, Tennessee met by dozens of shouting counterprotesters .	Hours later , a second rally planned in nearby Murfreesboro was canceled .
Armed anti-government protesters take over a building at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon , accusing officials of punishing ranchers .
Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts has been removed from his position as top cop , Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announces .
Two terrorist suspects were killed , 8 were detained in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis on Wednesday in a raid linked to the recent attacks , authorities said .
A North Korean military unit tasked with striking US bases in Japan was involved in Monday 's launch of four ballistic missiles , according to state media KCNA .
Dirty water and allegations of dirty officials have wracked a small south Texas town that calls itself `` The Spinach Capital of the World . ''
The lawyer representing the porn star Stormy Daniels says six additional women have come forward alleging sexual relationships with President Donald Trump -- including some	he says who also claim to have nondisclosure agreements .
Republican front-runner Donald Trump says Amazon 's stock would plunge if it paid a fair amount of taxes .	But he curiously claims the Washington Post , owned by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and not Amazon , is the reason .
President Obama says that on his watch the nation has climbed out of recession and war to face a future where `` everyone gets a fair shot , everyone does their fair share , and everyone plays by the same rules . ''
The death of 17-year-old Kendrick Johnson was awful enough for his parents .	Then came the doubts about investigators ' conclusion that it was an accident .
Taking a page out of Kendall Jenner 's book , a protester approaches the mayor of Portland , Oregon , hand in pocket , before eventually pulling out a can of Pepsi at a City Council meeting .
Fox News says Donald Trump is scared of facing Megyn Kelly at Thursday night 's Republican primary debate .
The Florida Department of Health said it is investigating a possible non-travel related case of Zika virus in Miami-Dade County .
Graphic images of death and starvation are coming out of the besieged Syrian town of Madaya .
The baby Amanda Berry gave birth to while she was held captive in a Cleveland home was delivered by another one of the young women in the house , a source said .
A king cobra is on the loose in Orlando , Florida .	The king cobra 's owner is licensed to own the deadly snakes .
Washington ( CNN ) -- House Speaker John Boehner sat at his desk in the U.S. Capitol and attempted to enroll in Obamacare on Thursday afternoon , but was unable to log on , and called his experience `` pretty frustrating .
Donald Trump is escalating his attacks on Senator Marco Rubio to the next level with a special delivery for his rival :	`` Trump Ice Natural Spring Water . ''
Updated 11:40a ET , 5/7/2014 ( CNN ) -- Clay Aiken , the American-Idol star	-turned congressional hopeful , holds a razor-thin margin over opponent Keith Crisco in North Carolina 's Democratic primary for a U.S. House seat , but CNN and other news organizations have not yet projected a winner .
Storms forecast for New York , New Jersey , New England ; Massachusetts could see `` historic and destructive '' blizzard ; warnings up to the Canadian border .
President Donald Trump on Thursday mocked the # MeToo movement as he repeatedly attacked Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren over her heritage , said Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters had an I.Q .	in the `` mid-60s , '' and made thinly-veiled swipes at fellow Republicans John McCain and George H.W .	Bush , who are both in ailing health .
A strong wintry storm still was dumping snow Friday in far northern New England after creating traffic havoc that claimed at least eight lives across the country 's eastern half and knocked out power for tens of thousands of people .
Progressives and Republicans have found something in common amid the raging health care debate : They all love talking about single-payer insurance .
Former Republican vice presidential nominee and Alaska Gov .	Sarah Palin shared a photo of a `` skinny tea '' along with a discount code for 15 % off for the brand to her more than 25,000 Instagram followers Wednesday .
The system that spawned Monday 's massive , deadly tornado in Oklahoma is n't over yet .	Fifty-three million Americans could face severe weather Tuesday .
Two planes that nearly collided in April at Newark Liberty International Airport came within yards of each other , the National Transportation Safety Board said .
John Kirby : I have worked with General John Kelly , and if Donald Trump is wise enough to use him well , Kelly will be a huge asset as White House Chief of Staff .
Katie Prager , the wife in the real `` Fault in Our Stars '' couple , died Thursday after complications from cystic fibrosis and a lung transplant .	She was 26 years old .
This time it is not a lion named Cecil , but an unnamed `` tusker '' elephant whose death is causing controversy .
A 12-year-old girl in Arkansas is in critical condition after being infected by a rare but deadly brain-eating parasite , according to the CDC .
Hours after a cease-fire was declared Wednesday in Israel 's conflict with Gaza , it appeared to be holding , an Israeli official said .
Washington ( CNN ) -- They want her fired and the health care reforms she champions dismantled , Wednesday Republicans got their chance to question Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the rocky rollout of the Obamacare website , as she testified before a House Energy and Commerce Committee .
The Orlando shooter and his wife exchanged text messages during the Pulse nightclub rampage , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation told CNN .
The US has decided to deny Egypt almost $ 100 million in aid and hold back another $ 195 million until it sees improvements in Cairo 's track record on human rights and democracy .
GOP organizers are keeping a nervous eye on Tropical Storm Isaac but insisting their shortened convention will proceed on Tuesday .
Aaron Hernandez died a convicted murderer , but in the eyes of the law , his conviction has been erased .	A judge vacated Hernandez 's murder conviction Tuesday following the former NFL star 's suicide last month .
Florida lawmakers say little Hampton , once a notorious speed trap , is so corrupt it does n't deserve to be a city .
Tornadoes tore through several states Sunday evening as severe weather slammed into parts of the central United States .
Danielle Perez 's dream of getting on `` The Price is Right '' came true .	Perez , who uses a wheelchair , won her pricing game , sending her home with a treadmill .
( CNN ) --	Well , it didn ’ t take long for the gloves to come off in this fight .	Rick Santorum , the Pennsylvania senator and now presidential candidate , has some tough criticism for former Massachusetts Gov .	Mitt Romney after his refusal to sign an anti-abortion pledge .
CNN has uncovered exclusive new information about what is allegedly happening at the CIA , in the wake of the deadly Benghazi terror attack .	Four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens , were killed in the assault by armed militants last September 11 in eastern Libya .
By Mark Suster , contributor FORTUNE -- By now you 've probably heard that Netflix ( NFLX ) is splitting its business into two parts : Its digital streaming business ( retains the name Netflix ) and its DVD mailing business , which was its original business ( to be called Qwikster ) .
FBI Director James Comey says his agency 's demand that Apple break into the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters is `` about the victims and justice . ''
A historic racing sailboat and its crew of seven , including six Americans , have apparently vanished on the high seas .
The record number of military suicides is not directly due to extend deployments or issues related to combat experience , a study says .
The crystal football Alabama won for beating LSU in the BCS championship game in January	was shattered on A-Day when it was accidentally knocked off a display by the father of a current player .
A 27-year-old Afghan woman -- accused of burning the Quran -- is beaten to death in Kabul .	Her parents say she was mentally ill .
Jorge Garcia , a 39-year-old landscaper and father of two who has lived in the United States for 30 years , said a painful goodbye to his family at the Detroit Metro Airport early Monday morning .
Leaked ISIS documents shows details of foreign recruits like their nationalities , jihadi experience , blood types and willingness to be suicide attackers .
Video of a mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the Baltimore riots has become a sensation online .
After almost two years in captivity in Syria , Peter Theo Curtis is finally home .
President Donald Trump will hire an attorney to join his personal legal team who has alleged the President is being framed by a group of FBI and Justice Department officials , two sources familiar with the matter told CNN .
British police have identified two suspects in the poisoning of former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Thursday .
Fareed speaks with former President Bill Clinton about his wife Hillary 's time as secretary of state , her approval ratings and whether she is likely to run for president herself .	Watch the full and exclusive interview on “ Fareed Zakaria GPS ” this Sunday at 10 a.m. and 1p.m .	ET on CNN .
Twenty-year-old Juan Pablo Vazquez is linked to 79 killings in Mexico 's drug cartel wars , officials say .	Rivals , a policeman and bystanders were among the dead .
An experimental Ebola drug called ZMapp was given to two Americans infected with Ebola .	The Americans are improving after being given the Ebola drug .
U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel presented a unified front on Ukraine , but they do n't quite see eye to eye .
At least seven people were hurt when a speeding car slammed into another car that was navigating through a throng of counterprotesters in Charlottesville , where a `` Unite the Right '' rally of white nationalist and other right-wing groups was to take place .
Seattle passes a smaller version of the 'Amazon tax '
Facebook , which has been under pressure to fight the fake stories that get traffic from it , says it will start applying a flag to some `` fake news '' stories that users share on the social network .
Joseph James Pappas , 65 , a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of a prominent Houston cardiologist , is the subject of an arrest warrant , Houston police said .
Nine civilians died in an attack on a luxury hotel in the Afghan capital , a government official said Friday .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has covered a Berlin landmark with thousands of discarded life jackets in his latest installation .
A lawsuit alleges that the popular dating app 's current owners manipulated the valuation of the company .
Time Warner Cable and CBS extend deadline for settling a dispute that could result in a blackout for millions of Time Warner Cable customers across the country .
An American woman was killed Saturday in Afghanistan in what is believed to be the first killing of a U.S. diplomat since a September attack in Benghazi , Libya .
( CNN )	-- Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign has parted ways with debate coach Brett O'Donnell , a Romney campaign source confirmed Friday .	O'Donnell , a former Michele Bachmann adviser who also did debate prep sessions with John McCain and Sarah Palin in 2008 , was given credit in several media re ...
Christopher Le Cun said he did n't know he was scuba diving near a pipe from the St. Lucie Nuclear Power Plant in Florida that pulled in around 500,000 gallons of ocean water per minute .
President Donald Trump called out Russian President Vladimir Putin by name on Sunday for backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and warned of a `` big price '' after reports of a chemical weapons attack in Syria almost a year to the day since the US struck a Syrian air field after a previous attack .
Modern-day peeping Toms in Massachusetts , the sorts who get their thrills snapping `` upskirt '' photos on crowded subways , now have their behavior criminalized .
You often hear about the brain-eating amoeba Naegleria fowleri during the summer , but while the parasite is common , infection from it is not .	Here 's what you should know .
Germany 's President Christian Wulff announced his resignation Friday in a televised statement , following a series of scandals .
When the suspected Golden State Killer drove into the Hobby Lobby parking lot in April , investigators were waiting nearby to collect a key DNA sample , documents show .
In his first televised interview since President Donald Trump fired him last year , James Comey will call Trump `` morally unfit to be President , '' he said in an interview by ABC News .
A camp that was supposed to be a shelter from violence became a death zone in Nigeria this week .	Female bombers dispatched by Boko Haram are being blamed .
A New Jersey man who went into the river fishing for crabs returned with something else entirely : a deadly bacterial infection .	His daughter said the family has been told that `` the choice is life or limbs . ''
Egyptians began gathering for a second day of protests on Sunday , after Hosni Mubarak was sentenced to life in prison .
Two people died , including a suspect , after at least one gunman opened fire in Houston , aiming at bystanders and a police helicopter .
The U.S. Navy rescued 282 people from six small vessels in the Mediterranean Sea after one of the boats began to sink , the military said Saturday .
Astrophysicist and author Neil deGrasse Tyson has denied allegations of sexual misconduct made against him by three women .
A wounded officer 's lawsuit filed in federal court in Louisiana alleges Black Lives Matter and several of its leaders are responsible for last year 's ambush on law enforcement in Baton Rouge .
President-elect Donald Trump proposed on Tuesday a penalty -- including possible jail time or loss of citizenship -- for burning the American flag , in spite of two US Supreme Court rulings that protect the act under the First Amendment as a form of free speech .
A Mississippi man was sentenced to 49 years in prison Monday and fined $ 20,000 for killing his ex-girlfriend because she was transgender , the US Justice Department said .
A breast cancer charity is being accused of using misleading statistics regarding mammograms , according to a medical journal paper .
Armed bystanders gunned down a shooter Thursday at an Oklahoma City restaurant , killing him , police said .
Person believed to be renegade ex-LAPD officer Christopher Dorner killed deputy , wounded another in shootout at California cabin Tuesday , authorities say Hours later , SWAT team stormed cabin , which caught fire ; sheriff 's department says suspect believed dead Police : Encounter came after suspe ...
Attorneys for a Guantanamo Bay detainee on a hunger strike say a U.S. military nurse has refused to conduct forced feedings of inmates .
President Donald Trump suffered more than a legal defeat of his immigration ban Thursday night .
The death of a 21-year-old Nigerian student in an isolation jail cell in Chatham County , Georgia , on New Year 's has been ruled a homicide , coroner says .
Department of Justice suit paints credit ratings agency as more than just an accomplice in the financial crisis .	FORTUNE --	In early 2007 , a Standard & Poor 's analyst who had just completed an analysis of the firm 's recent ratings of mortgage bonds sent
Donna Brazile says she might have made a poor decision in her youth if she 'd followed a Princeton alum 's advice .
Wright State University is pulling out of its presidential debate scheduled for September 26 , and the debate will move to Hofstra University , sources confirmed to CNN on Tuesday .
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Thursday that he and his newly announced special representative to North Korea , Stephen Biegun , will be traveling to Pyongyang next week .
When does the ordinary -- letters , gloves , wallets -- become extraordinary ?	When they tell a story , like the everyday objects in the 9/11 museum .
The accused Russian spy who infiltrated Republican politics used a life `` predicated on deception '' while she attempted to exchange sex for political access and communicated with Russian intelligence during her years in America , prosecutors said Wednesday .
The National Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday that it will investigate what happened Monday night when a massive Air France jet clipped a smaller aircraft at John F. Kennedy Airport .
Listeria may have contaminated fruit sold at Whole Foods , Trader Joe 's , Costco , Kroger and Walmart .	See the fruits being recalled due to possible listeria .
A series of security threats closed portions of the White House and Capitol Hill on Tuesday .
Amid a glowing sea of candles and rallying calls for justice , a record crowd packed six football pitches at an annual vigil held in Hong Kong to commemorate the 23rd anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown .
Alexander Fishenko , U.S.-Russian citizen , pleads guilty to host of charges -- including acting as agent of the Russian government -- in $ 50 million scheme .
( CNN )	-- She may have dropped her bid for the presidential nomination , but Michele Bachmann is still adamantly pushing her conservative credentials .	Asked by Bloomberg TV ’ s Al Hunt to name the most conservative candidate remaining in the 2012 race , Bachmann responded by plugging herself .
The California Supreme Court denied Bill Cosby 's request to review a case against him , so a civil suit filed by Judith Huth can continue at the trial level .
President Donald Trump believes millions of votes were cast illegally in last year 's election , White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Tuesday , but he would n't provide any concrete evidence for the claim , which has long been debunked .
Studies show that memory and stress are more connected than we once thought .	Learn about the link between memory and stress .
'BlacKkKlansman ' review :	Spike Lee 's wild true story about an undercover cop urgently connects the past to the present , with John David Washington , Adam Driver
Hulk Hogan and the remnants of Gawker Media have struck a confidential settlement agreement , rewarding the wrestler with untold millions of dollars .
Since 1941 , comic book fans have followed the exploits of teenaged Archie Andrews and his friends .	This July , they 'll find out how he dies .
Nearly a week after two officers allegedly killed 6-year-old Jeremy Mardis while pursuing his father 's car in Louisiana , disturbing questions remain .
Two things were clear after Al Franken finished his speech on the Senate floor just after noon on Thursday :
The CNN Political Ticker is the hottest destination for the latest political news with dispatches , behind-the-scenes reports , and expert commentary , 24-7 .	For the latest political news from CNN\ 's Best Political Team , with campaign coverage , 24-7 .
US investigators wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort under secret court orders before and after the election , sources tell CNN .
Flooding from Tropical Storm Harvey is overburdening resources as authorities in and around Houston scramble to save those trapped by the high waters .
Possible tornadoes cut a wide swath through north Texas on Wednesday night , killing at least six people and injuring more than 100 others , officials said .
Donald Trump 's attacks against Hillary Clinton are entering a new , more personal phase in an already raucous election season .
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner pledged on Tuesday that he would press President Donald Trump 's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort for answers .
Debra Milke is released on bond from a Phoenix jail , months after a judge tossed her murder conviction .
U.S. Rep. Trey Radel , R-Florida , was sentenced to a year of probation after pleading guilty Wednesday to misdemeanor cocaine possession .
Investigators determine hackers working for North Korea were behind hack ; Sony pulls controversial movie .
There was Jim Craig on the ice , the epitome of Americana .	The fresh-faced college boy , just 22 , wearing a U.S. flag and looking in the stands for his beloved dad .
A mother 's plea to the terrorists holding her son hostage : No individual should be punished for events he can not control .
A 24-year-old woman is under police investigation in Fuzhou , China after she attempted to mail her newborn baby to an orphanage wrapped in plastic bags .
Christmas carols are n't supposed to have lyrics like `` revenge	is like the sweetest joy , next to getting p	* * * y . ''
Mike Hengel , the top editor of the Las Vegas Review-Journal , is stepping down , two weeks after casino mogul Sheldon Adelson took control of the newspaper .
The US intelligence community concluded in a declassified report released Friday that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an `` influence campaign '' aimed at hurting Hillary Clinton and helping Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election .
The recent drought has ruined millions of acres of farmland in Texas , turning lakes into mud puddles , but in the East Texas city of Nacogdoches , authorities say , the drought may have done something good	: Unearthed a piece of the space shuttle Columbia .
Washington ( CNN ) --	In a potential preview of the next presidential election , a new national poll suggests Hillary Clinton and Chris Christie would be neck and neck if the 2016 contest were held today .
A cartoon rendering of Warren Buffett is appearing on special edition Cherry Coke cans all over China .
A new report claims that China is still engaged in the widespread and systematic harvesting of organs from prisoners , and says that people whose views conflict with the ruling Chinese Communist Party are being murdered for their organs .
Caroll Spinney , the puppeteer who has portrayed Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch on `` Sesame Street '' since the program 's 1969 premiere , announced Wednesday that he is stepping down from the roles .
( CNN ) - New York 's attorney general accused Donald Trump in a lawsuit Saturday of defrauding students who studied at the billionaire mogul 's investment institute , though Trump 's representative said a large majority of the school 's alumni were satisfied with their experience .
Kanye West had a lot to say when in his lengthy interview with radio host Charlamagne Tha God .
The U.S. Coast Guard has suspended the search for big wave surfer Alec	`` Ace Cool ''	Cooke off the coast of Oahu , Hawaii .
Black Friday is n't just about Friday anymore , with many stores opening on Thursday evening and online deals that kick off the season .
Off-duty public safety workers saved a Florida pair who treaded water for 14 hours after falling off their boat .
Just days after a storm walloped the Great Plains , a second one -- bringing with it heavy snow and strong winds -- was slamming the region early Monday .
House Republicans are proposing a major reform called a border adjustment tax .	President Trump was against it , but he 's warming up to it .	It 's complicated , but stick with us .
Hillary and Bill Clinton personally paid the State Department staffer who managed their private email server , a spokesman for Clinton 's campaign confirmed on Saturday .
An audit of more than 700 Veterans Affairs facilities found that tens of thousands of veterans waiting for care .
A Birmingham police detective pistol-whipped unconscious did n't shoot his assailant because of the outcry surrounding police shootings of late , union chief says .
A mummified skeleton that scientists discovered in Chile 's Atacama Desert 15 years ago does n't look like anyone you 've ever met .	In fact , some would say it looks , well , alien .
Twitter is getting into e-commerce .	It 's now possible to buy goods online in two steps by tweeting a special hashtag .
The midflight breakdown of a JetBlue pilot has sparked concerns about psychological screening for flight crews .
Updated 7/3 at 2:30pm ( CNN )	- Joining other Republican-controlled states like Texas and Ohio in legislative efforts to restrict abortion , the North Carolina state Senate Tuesday amended a bill originally focused on preventing foreign laws from playing any role in state legal proceedings to includ ...
Former NBA star Dennis Rodman is traveling to Singapore for the upcoming summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un .
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner , dogged by allegations of sexual harassment , said Monday that he will not step down from his post .
Sorry , Presidents Nos . 3 and 7 , a time-honored tradition in The Hawkeye State 's Democratic Party is getting a new name .
New guidelines from the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery details the dos and do n't of cleaning ear wax .	You should n't be using Q-tips , they say .
A star-studded list of speakers , performers and attendees descended upon Philadelphia for the Democratic National Convention this week , where Hillary Clinton is set to accept the Democratic nomination for president along with her newly minted running mate , Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine .
New York 's top court upholds Starbucks policy that tips be shared between baristas and shift supervisors , but that assistant managers are not eligible .
Jet.com contest winner Eric Martin got 100,000 shares of the hot startup by signing up 8,000 people .
President Obama orders officials to move quickly to find a way to resume paying survivor benefits to the families of slain troops .
Two women who had previously settled sexual harassment allegations against Bill O'Reilly joined a lawsuit accusing the former Fox News host of defamation .
The first case of rat hepatitis E infecting a human has been discovered in Hong Kong .	It was not known this disease could be passed from rats to humans .
The first of hundreds of cancer patients will see his case against agrochemical giant Monsanto go to trial starting Monday .
On Thursday , July 5 , President Donald Trump accepted EPA administrator Scott Pruitt 's resignation .	Read his letter .
Terror group Al-Shabaab has released a video calling for attacks on shopping malls in Canada , the UK and the U.S .
The bankruptcy of A123 is surely bad news for its investors .	But , it could help power American jobs in the long run .	By Brian Dumaine , senior editor-at-large FORTUNE -- In all the buzz surrounding the bankruptcy of battery maker A123 , one point
A Missouri man shot and killed his 8-month-old son during an argument with his wife , then fled with two of his other sons in a rental car , St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department Chief Sam Dotson said Tuesday .
Japan will for the first time buy long-range missiles due to `` national security concerns , '' Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera announced Friday .
Wall Street protesters `` are giving voice to a more broad-based frustration about how our financial system works , '' President Obama says .
Oscar Pistorius left jail Friday , free on bond eight days after the shooting death of his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp .
Amber Tamblyn reached out to the woman who accused her husband , David Cross , of making racist comments and said she believes her .
Reports say hundreds were killed in Boko Haram raids in northeast Nigeria 's Borno state , with some sources putting the death toll at 400 to 500 people .
Actor Powers Boothe , known for his roles in `` Sin City , '' `` Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D , '' and `` Deadwood , '' has died at 68 , his publicist , Karen Samfilippo , said .
Anyone can buy a .porn , and .sucks website starting June 1st .	Brands are trying to buy them up to protect their image .
The arduous search for a missing technology executive and five others feared dead after a fire in Maryland could take days , fire officials said .
Parents say Minion toys in McDonald 's Happy Meals are saying the three-word-phrase WTF .
Authorities have discovered the bodies of six people , including a 7-year-old girl , at a house in the Japanese town of Takachiho , a popular destination for tourists visiting the Takachiho Gorge in southwestern Miyazaki province .
A teenage girl in Crook County , Oregon is in the ICU recovering from a case of bubonic plague .
The big hardware unveil at Monday 's Apple press event was the new Mac Pro , a sleek cylindrical desktop computer .
A 132-pound ovarian tumor was removed from a 38-year-old Connecticut woman this year , according to two doctors involved in the case .
In 2016 , Americans were infected with more than 2 million new cases of gonorrhea , syphilis and chlamydia , the highest number ever reported , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
Some of the best known hosts at NBC News condemned their colleague Megyn Kelly 's remarks about blackface Halloween costumes .
Three children and their mother who were found dead inside their partially burned house in southern Indiana had all been shot in the head , police said Saturday , with an internet rant tied to the woman drawing investigators ' attention .
A series of failures and deficiencies , including a lack of adequate training , contributed to the ambush last October that resulted in a Green Beret-led team being outgunned and overrun by more than 100 ISIS fighters in Niger , leaving four US soldiers dead .
Authorities in Chicago say they do n't know yet whether child body parts found in the city 's Garfield Park are from the same body .
The Defense Department 's first ever agency-wide financial audit discovered problems that cost approximately $ 559 million to fix , the Pentagon said Thursday .
Katie Couric says she regrets a `` misleading '' portion of `` Under the Gun , '' a new documentary that she produced and narrated .
In a note to his fiancee that was found in his prison cell after he hanged himself , Aaron Hernandez had one final message : `	` I told you what was coming indirectly ! ''
A man who jumped the White House fence on Tuesday was apprehended by uniformed Secret Service officers who approached him with guns drawn .
Amid recent incidents involving nooses , graffiti and racially-motivated assaults , a black church in Greenville , South Carolina , has shared a much-needed moment of humanity .
( CNN ) --	Some called a Barack Obama-Hillary Clinton pairing the `` Dream Ticket '' in 2008 .	It did n't happen .	But what about 2012 ?	`` It 's on the table , '' veteran Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward told CNN 's John King in an interview Tuesday on John King , USA .
CIA-funded weapons have begun flowing to Syrian rebels , a U.S. official told CNN .	But opposition groups say they have yet to receive any .
Peruvian doctors have removed what was described by health officials as a `` giant '' 16-kilogram	( 35.3-pound ) tumor from the abdomen of a woman in Lima , Peru .
Both Americans who were treated for the Ebola virus have been discharged from a hospital .
Donald Trump is delivering a major foreign policy speech in Washington as he looks to advance his campaign 's efforts to cast him as a more presidential figure and appeal to Republican Party elites .
The latest report into the February TransAsia crash confirms that the captain mistakenly switched off the working engine after the other lost power .
The Maine state legislator who received an expletive-laden voicemail from Gov .	Paul LePage said Monday that LePage `` probably needs to get some sort of professional help '' and suggested his constituents no longer think he 's fit for office .
Actor Alec Baldwin was arrested and charged with assault and harassment Friday following a dispute over a parking spot , according to New York police .
Sky watchers in western North America are in for a treat : a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning .
Two classmates of Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and a third person face federal charges in connection with the April 15 attack , sources said .
Asiana Airlines Flight 214 was seconds away from landing when the passengers sensed something horribly amiss .
President-elect Donald Trump now has the opportunity to solidify the conservative majority on the Supreme Court for decades to come .
Search giant Google unveils Gmail phone service , which offers Skype-like Internet calling for free to the U.S. and Canada .
Iran Revolutionary Guard boats intercepted a cargo ship that was crossing the Strait of Hormuz this morning , according to a senior U.S. military official .
Trump withdraws US from the Paris climate accord , a sweeping step that fulfills campaign promise while seriously dampening global efforts to curb global warming
A World War II German U-boat , sunk more than 72 years ago , has been discovered off the coast of North Carolina , NOAA announced Tuesday .
Hurricane Nate made US landfall Saturday night as a Category 1 storm near the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana , the National Hurricane Center said .
The Nebraska State Patrol seized nearly 120 pounds of the drug fentanyl -- enough to kill about 26 million people , according to estimates by the US Drug Enforcement Administration .
TSA understaffing means travelers are already fuming about long security lines at U.S. airports .	Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says wait times are inevitable during the busy summer season .
The federal government filed two charges against Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Monday .
More than 150 hospitalizations , including four deaths , are related to synthetic cannabinoids laced with rat poison in Illinois , according to health officials .
With Dr. Conrad Murray officially charged in Michael Jackson 's death , the Los Angeles coroner has released the autopsy report that said it was a homicide .
A grisly murder-suicide in the upscale Brisbane neighborhood of Teneriffe has shocked residents of the Queensland city .
Behold Jane Fonda , queen of the interview pivot .
Only 10 % of countries carried out executions last year , but those employing the death penalty are doing so at an alarming rate , a new report says .
Spelunkers in a cave in Israel stumble across silver coins and jewelry dating back thousands of years .
Fethullah Gulen , a moderate Turkish Muslim cleric , has been in self-imposed exile since '99 .	Journalist got a rare visit inside his Pennsylvania home .
Ted Haggard , the former megachurch pastor and former National Association of Evangelicals chief whose career was undone by a gay prostitution and drugs scandal in 2006 , plans to start a new church .
Hurricane Harvey may have forced Coldplay to cancel its concert in Houston last week , but the city is clearly on the band 's mind .
Nurse Gail Sandidge died trying to protect patients during a stabbing at a Texas medical center on Tuesday .
Superstar rapper Cardi B turned herself in to New York Police on Monday morning .
A young reporter took to the White House briefing room Wednesday to share his worries that he and his classmates `` could get shot at school '' and asked White House press secretary Sarah Sanders how the White House plans to prevent more shootings from happening .
Singer-songwriter David Crosby hit a jogger with his car Sunday evening , a spokesman said .
A zoo killed two lions to save a man who jumped into the big cats ' enclosure in the Chilean capital .
A Delaware pediatrician was indicted Wednesday on 58 additional counts of rape and other sexual offenses in the alleged child abuse of his patients , state Attorney General Beau Biden announced Monday .
`` A true hero , Mohammed Nabbous of Sawt Libia al-Hurra , the Voice of Free Libya , was killed in fighting in Benghazi today . ''	It was a stark , raw tweet from Ben Wedeman with a big impact on our newsroom Saturday morning .
The Mediterranean diet is well-known for its positive effects on cardiovascular and metabolic health .	But childhood obesity rates in the Mediterranean region are among the highest in the world , a new report finds .
Nine-year-old Jacob Thompson has battled cancer for the past four years of his life .	But as doctors believe he has one last month to live , he decided to celebrate Christmas with the world .
Police have identified a Ross Geller lookalike whose alleged robbery prompted thousands of online comments and a denial from 'Friends ' star David Schwimmer himself .
A new SARS-like virus recently found in humans is `` a threat to the entire world , '' a WHO official says .
Mohammad Youssuf Abdulazeez , 24 , opened fire at two military centers in Chattanooga , Tennessee , the FBI said .	Four Marines were killed .
An `` unusual '' uptick in the size and scale of Russian aircraft flying throughout European airspace in recent days has raised alarm bells for NATO officials .
Any author or filmmaker seeking ideas for a sci-fi yarn about the implications of artificial intelligence -- good or bad -- would be smart to talk to Ray Kurzweil .
Inmates have revolted and taken control of a notorious prison in Venezuela , as the volatile country braces for presidential elections decried as illegitimate by regional leaders .
In an interview with Fox News , President Barack Obama said the worst mistake of his presidency was a lack of planning for the aftermath of the 2011 toppling of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi .
New York ( CNN ) --	Despite record election achievements by African-Americans in the House , the United States Senate will not have an African-American in its ranks .	All three black Senate candidates , Kendrick Meek ( D-FL ) , Alvin Greene ( D-SC ) and Mike Thurmond ( D-GA ) are projected to lose tonight .
Hillary Clinton lambasted Donald Trump 's economic plans in a speech Thursday as nothing more than a huge tax break for himself , labeling tax cuts he proposed earlier this week as `` the Trump Loophole . ''
Paul Ryan was easily re-elected Speaker of the House of the 115th Congress , following a vote in the chamber Tuesday .
President Donald Trump returned to the campaign stage Tuesday , holding a rally in Youngstown , Ohio , where he defended his unconventional approach as necessary to change the country for the better .
Medical files purported to relate to former F1 driver Michael Schumacher have been stolen and are being offered for sale , his manager Sabine Kehm said .
Given how central eliminating the ACA has been to the GOP agenda , there is reason to be skeptical softening rhetoric means a new policy , writes Julian Zelizer .
Three days after a fatal case of Marburg hemorrhagic fever was diagnosed in Uganda , a total of 99 people are under isolation .
A federal budget compromise that already passed the U.S. House clears a key Senate procedural hurdle Tuesday .
The announcement of the Nobel Prize for medicine on Monday opens the prestigious award season that shines a light on the world 's top scholars and peacemakers .
Wild salmon from the Pacific coast of North America may be infected with Japanese tapeworms , according to a study in a CDC-published journal .
Officers seized nearly half a million dollars ' worth of marijuana concealed in carrot-shaped packaging .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders is expected to receive Secret Service protection as soon as Wednesday , two sources familiar with the decision tell CNN , but they did not specify how long it will last .
Days after a raid in Yemen led to the first US military combat death under President Donald Trump , the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released an audio message taunting the new American leader .
American Shezanne Cassim , accused of threatening UAE national security for a video parody , was sentenced to a year in prison
Paul Manafort and Rick Gates will stay under house arrest and GPS monitoring for the time being , a federal judge said Monday .
Washington ( CNN ) - Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , said Sunday he 's looking into suing the federal government in the wake of what has been a tumultuous week for the Obama administration and National Security Agency .	`` I 'm going to be seeing if I can challenge this at the Supreme Court level .
The FBI and Justice Department are investigating a computer hack of Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign in addition to its examination of intrusions of other Democratic Party organizations , two law enforcement officials said Friday .
A California judge 's decision to give former Stanford University swimmer Brock Turner a six-month jail sentence for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has caused a national uproar .
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's well-known candor was on display in her chambers late Monday , when she called Donald Trump a `` faker . ''
AT & T hastily deleted a September 11-focused tweet on Wednesday , after drawing ire from Twitter users who accused the company of exploiting a national tragedy .
The destruction wrought by five tornadoes that plowed through the Oklahoma City area became apparent Saturday .
President Donald Trump sent well wishes to Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who was hospitalized Thursday after fracturing three ribs , while also pointing out their political differences .
The caste system has long been outlawed ; but Indians knew that caste still clings to us all , and in this week 's protests has reared its head again .
Responding to a petition begun when a transgender teenager died from suicide after being subjected to therapy meant to alter her gender identity , the White House announced on Wednesday it supports banning the so-called conversion practices .
After his controversial tweet questioning the drop in unemployment numbers , Jack Welch , former CEO of General Electric , told Anderson Cooper that the numbers presented today are “ implausible ” and that while he is not backing away from his tweet , he wishes he “ added a question mark ” to his t ...
A childhood friend of an Army captain whose wedding was moved to accommodate a round of golf for President Barack Obama said the bride and groom had to quickly scramble to find a Plan B .	But the agile bride and her wedding party still pulled it all off without a hitch , the friend said .
Mexican authorities found a stolen truck that carried radioactive cobalt .	It 's unclear whether any of the cargo is missing .
Wayne Simmons , a recurring guest on Fox News , claimed to have 27 years of experience with the CIA .	The government says he was lying .	Simmons was arrested Thursday .
It 's not often a `` promposal '' can lead to prison , but that could be the result of a proposal made using the Colorado National Monument .
Veteran journalist Mark Halperin sexually harassed women while he was in a powerful position at ABC News , according to five women who shared their previously undisclosed accounts with CNN and others who did not experience the alleged harassment personally , but were aware of it .
A Senate committee will expand its probe into the U.S. Secret Service this week following a scandal involving prostitutes in Colombia in advance of a recent trip by the president .
Michael Ansara , who played villainous Klingon commander Kang in three iterations of `` Star Trek '' among many other roles in his long career , has died at age 91 .
A 25-year-old man is in custody after he was found with explosive materials near the Dick Dowling Confederate monument in Houston .
There 's been another gorilla death at a zoo in Ohio .	And while this one is of natural causes , it 's no less heart-breaking .
Curiosity , humanity 's most powerful rover to land on Mars , has made a startling discovery : Conditions that could have supported life once existed there .
Pope Francis reforms the process by which Catholics may annul their marriages , streamlining steps that many in the church considered too cumbersome and costly .
A North Carolina pastor feels blessed by the anonymous 18-cent donation given to the church .
As African leaders convene in D.C. , U.S. far from developing political and economic relationships in Africa that can benefit both sides .
President Donald Trump deviated from his previously measured comments about the woman who has accused his Supreme Court pick Brett Kavanaugh of sexual assault when he questioned Thursday why the woman did n't call the police 36 years ago , when she says the incident happened .
Gina Haspel , President Donald Trump 's pick to be the next CIA director , says in a new letter that the CIA should not have conducted then-President George W. Bush 's interrogation and detention program where waterboarding and other brutal interrogation tactics were used on detainees .
North Korea is showing no signs of scaling back its fearsome labor camp system , with torture , starvation , rape and death a fact of life for tens of thousand of inmates , according to human rights group Amnesty International .
GoFundMe is looking into the claims of misuse regarding the campaign , a spokesperson said .
Trenton Lewis ' workers took up a collection to buy their determined colleague a car .
The Roman Catholic Church will declare the late Pope John Paul II a saint , the Vatican announced Friday .
The death of Fox Lake , Illinois , police Lt.	Joe Gliniewicz was `` a carefully staged suicide , '' an official says .
And the company says it will start to produce even more .
Francis was officially inaugurated Tuesday as the Catholic Church 's 266th pope , before a crowd of thousands bathed in sunlight .
There was n't going to be an easy way for Fallon Fox to do this .	She knew it .	Her family knew it .	Her manager knew it .	The biggest battle would come outside the cage .
( CNN ) --	Democrats voted to update their party 's platform Wednesday evening at their convention to include a reference to Jerusalem being the capital of Israel , as well as the insertion of the word `` God , '' neither of which was included in their platform this year but was in previous platforms .
An American woman , her Canadian husband and their two children have been freed from captivity nearly five years after being taken hostage by the Taliban .
More people have an unfavorable view of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton now than at any time since 2001 , according to a new CNN/ORC poll .
Jamie Gilt , the pro-gun activist shot and wounded by her 4-year-old son , is expected to face a misdemeanor charge of allowing a minor access to a firearm .
Large and small donations flowed in Monday evening as dozens of celebrities answered phones for Larry King 's telethon to help the people of the U.S. Gulf Coast suffering from the oil disaster .
Israel launched a series of air strikes Wednesday on what it says are terrorist targets in Gaza , killing the chief of Hamas ' military wing and 8 others .
Pharmacies across Belgium are being stocked with iodine pills as part of a new plan to protect citizens against a potential nuclear accident .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders issued a rare correction Tuesday night after falsely declaring that President Donald Trump has created three times as many jobs for African-American workers as former President Barack Obama did during his two terms in office .
SeaWorld told investors Monday that it 's going to stop killer whale shows at its San Diego park , hoping to scrub their reputation for animal cruelty .
Authorities are investigating whether Michael Brown 's stepfather , Louis Head , intended to incite riots last week , police say .
A Hollywood accountant is sentenced to six years after he used access to his famous clients ' money as a personal ATM , federal officials say .
By Daniel Burke , CNN Belief Blog Co-Editor ( CNN ) -- Pope Francis reaffirmed the Catholic Church 's opposition to gay marriage on Wednesday , but suggested in a newspaper interview that it could support some types of civil unions .
In the first national telephone poll since Donald Trump earned rebukes from Republican leaders over his comments about Senator John McCain 's military service , the real estate mogul has increased his support among GOP voters and now stands atop the race for the party 's nomination .
Malaysian officials and authorities from 24 other nations are searching hundreds of thousands of square miles trying to find Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 .
A British woman assumed that her rigid contact lens was lost decades ago during a badminton injury , but it was found embedded in her eyelid .
Donald Trump is outpolling all other Republican candidates in New Hampshire except for Jeb Bush , according to a new survey released Tuesday , though if you ask the real estate mogul himself , he thinks he should be in first .
Teenage recruits were raped by staff and forced to rape each other as part of initiation practices in the Australian military going back to 1960 , a public inquiry heard on Tuesday .
A small plane believed to have crashed in Lake Erie is registered to a beverage company executive , the airport 's director told CNN Friday .
Investigators ask for authorities in tracking down 2 men who they consider `` possible suspects , '' a law enforcement official said .
What was once thought to be an ancient underwater 'lost city ' is actually a naturally occurring phenomenon , researchers have found .
The Amtrak train that wrecked in Philadelphia was going more than twice the rated speed of the turn , the NTSB says .	Seven people are dead and 200 injured .
President Donald Trump once again took to Twitter Thursday to troll his favorite arch-nemesis -- Rosie O'Donnell -- as his administration faces an intensifying political firestorm over the firing of FBI Director James Comey .
Desperately needing food and shelter , more than 2,000 Italians are taking refuge in makeshift camps after this week 's powerful earthquake that killed at least 281 people and flattened entire villages .
Wages for trash workers have grown faster than the national average and , for some , their earning ais
The discovery of three young women missing for a decade in Cleveland immediately raised the hopes of the family of a fourth missing woman .
The final words uttered by Jamal Khashoggi after he was set upon at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul are captured in a transcript circulated to Turkish allies , a source says .
Briggs and Brittney Fussy are husband and wife , but the pair first met at another wedding 20 years ago .
EDITOR 'S NOTE :	This is the full interview and accompanying transcript of CNN 's Christiane Amanpour 's conversation with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani CHRISTIANE AMANPOUR , HOST : Mr. President , welcome .	Welcome to the program .	Thank you for joining us .	PRES .
David Petraeus made a last-ditch effort Sunday to show President-elect Donald Trump that his guilty plea for revealing classified information to his mistress and biographer should n't disqualify him from serving as America 's top diplomat .
Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , plans to donate $ 5,600 in campaign contributions from Harvey Weinstein to charity after a New York Times report revealed multiple sexual harassment allegations against the filmmaker .
By Pam Benson A Washington think tank says it has identified the building at an Iranian military base where international inspectors suspect Iran may have conducted explosives tests connected with a possible nuclear weapons program .
Nobody talked about the size of their hands or made up demeaning nicknames -- but Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were ready for action Sunday night
GM 's first mass market electric car , the Bolt , wins Car of the Year honors at Detroit auto show .
By Tom Cohen Director of National Intelligence James Clapper on Wednesday asked classified leaker Edward Snowden and his accomplices to turn over any intelligence documents they have yet to make public , warning that terrorists and other foes were `` going to school '' on information from disclosures ...
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia says `` it offends me '' to hear criticism of his colleagues over their rulings .
Joint US-South Korean military drills are underway Monday despite warnings from North Korea a day earlier that they could lead to a `` uncontrollable phase of a nuclear war . ''
BlackBerry has decided to no longer make its own phones .	The company will outsource production of its once-popular devices and focus more on software .
Noa Mintz , founder of Nannies by Noa , hired a full-time CEO to take over the day-to-day of her growing babysitting business .
Ted Cruz is out , but John Kasich is n't going anywhere , his camp said Tuesday night .
What we know : This is the week that Michael Cohen officially declared war on Donald Trump .
President Donald Trump charted his own course of more confrontational relations with the Castro-led Cuban government
Jeb Bush is defending a comment he made Friday afternoon in the wake of the Oregon college shooting , when he said `` stuff happens , '' and argued that officials should fight the impulse to react to tragedies with more government .
Monopoly is asking the internet to pick its new board game tokens
One of two North Carolina teens injured in a weekend shark attack said he had little warning of what was to come .
President Barack Obama has his eyes on the stars -- or more accurately -- a planet .
An arrest warrant has been issued for a Pennsylvania man , Eric Matthew Frein , in the ambush of two state troopers , authorities said Tuesday .
Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki on has ordered a `` face-to-face audit '' at all of the Department of Veterans Affairs clinics .
Allan Gieger bought his son an SUV so he could drive to school and work .	But the son had other ideas , prompting him to sell the vehicle on Craigslist .
The co-founder of the Fyre Festival was arrested and charged with one count of federal wire fraud on Friday , according to the Manhattan US Attorney 's Office .
A small group of Jenni Rivera 's fans waited outside Long Beach Airport , as the plane carrying the star 's remains landed late Thursday .
An attorney four college athletes filed a class-action lawsuit against the NCAA , saying it was `` illegally restraining competition for the services of players . ''
Jason Spencer , a Georgia state lawmaker who dropped his trousers and repeatedly used the `` n-word '' on an episode of the Showtime series `` Who Is America ? ''	on Sunday night , has announced his resignation .
A Swedish appeals court has upheld the arrest warrant for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange over allegations of rape .
The US Postal Service announced it will `` suspend regular mail deliveries , retail services and administrative office activity '' on Wednesday for the national day of mourning honoring the late former President George H.W .	Bush .
Consequences for the justice department 's flawed gun-running operation are likely to come within six months , or earlier , Attorney General Eric Holder said .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign raised more than $ 28 million , a number only slightly more than the $ 25 million Bernie Sanders raised .
One third of children who have sleep terrors become sleepwalkers , a new study finds .
( CNN )	– Coca-Cola ’ s Super Bowl commercial Sunday night was at first glance a moving tribute to America ’ s diversity , featuring a full minute of ordinary people of different races and ethnicity doing ordinary American activities , as the classic song “ America the Beautiful ” plays through ...
French ministers grappled Wednesday with the issue of same-sex marriage and adoption rights as the Cabinet approved a draft bill .
The Los Angeles District Attorney 's office is reviewing a sex crime case against Sylvester Stallone , spokesman Greg Risling said Wednesday .
George Zimmerman says he bears a grudge against President Obama , accusing him of inflaming racial tensions around the Trayvon Martin case .
( CNN ) -- Mitt Romney 's campaign released excerpts ahead of Rep. Paul Ryan 's speech Saturday morning in Norfolk , Virginia , where Romney will introduce the House Budget Committee chairman as his running mate .	Find the excerpts after the jump .
Seven people have been arrested in connection with the toppling of a Confederate statue during a protest in Durham , North Carolina , authorities said .
Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly confirmed that the department is considering separating children from their parents at the border .
An American tourist was beaten to death by a group of 10 men while visiting a Greek island in the Mediterranean , state media reported .
Storm dumps more snow on the Northeast and leaves behind bitterly cold weather , especially in the South .
A recent search of the home of George Zimmerman 's girlfriend uncovered five weapons , including an AR-15 , and more than 100 rounds of ammunition .
A sonar vehicle used in the search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been lost after colliding with an underwater volcano , officials say .
General Mills has scrapped a controversial change to its fine print that some read as eliminating customers ' right to sue the company .
President Trump is in Paris this weekend to mark the commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the WWI armistice .
Actor Mark Salling , best known for his role as Noah `` Puck '' Puckerman on Fox 's musical comedy-drama `` Glee , '' has died , according to his attorney .	He was 35 .
Israel plans to ease its blockade of Gaza , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday following an Israeli Security Cabinet meeting , a step commended by major powers and brushed off by a Palestinian organization and government .
'War For the Planet of the Apes ' review : 'Apes ' trilogy comes to rousing conclusion with sequel starring Andy Serkis , Woody Harrelson
New York police say they 're investigating whether former Gov .	Eliot Spitzer is tied to an alleged assault at the Plaza Hotel in Midtown Manhattan .
A nearly empty school bus crossed into oncoming traffic and slammed into a commuter bus in Baltimore on Tuesday morning , killing at least six people , police said .
Queen Elizabeth II has won over £6.7 million ( $ 8.8m ) from horse racing prize money in the past three decades , new figures from myracing.com show .
An Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo has entered a `` new phase '' after the first urban case was confirmed in the city of Mbandaka .
Mitt Romney headed west Wednesday to begin campaigning in Minnesota and Nevada after a solid victory in Florida .
President Barack Obama 's upcoming budget will include proposed changes to Social Security and Medicare .
( CNN ) --	Following a week of some of the sharpest attacks yet on his management of the financial firm Bain Capital , Mitt Romney offered a vocal defense Friday of his tenure there and strongly disputed reports he left the firm years later than he has previously said .
The Jeb Bush aide who faced criticism for a series of offensive online postings this week has resigned , according to a spokesperson for Bush 's super PAC .
A French prosecutor dropped an investigation into former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn and a possible gang rape in Washington .
A photographer , who thought he spied Justin Bieber sitting in his parked Ferrari , was struck by a car and killed
President Barack Obama is stepping back into the political fray Friday with a speech on the `` State of our Democracy . ''	See highlights .
Arguing that Americans still subscribe to his vision of progressive change , President Barack Obama asserted in an interview recently he could have succeeded in this year 's election if he was eligible to run .
Pope Francis immediately dove into the whirlpool of U.S. politics on Wednesday , using his first direct address to the nation to weigh in on deeply divisive issues including climate change , Cuba , and traditional marriage as he was greeted by exuberant crowds packing the streets of Washington .
This Banned Books Week , the American Library Association says the `` Captain Underpants , '' books are frequently targeted for removal from libraries .
Nearly 10,000 current and former Chipotle workers have joined a class action lawsuit alleging the company forced them to work 'off the clock ' without pay .
Former Republican presidential candidate and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham endorsed Jeb Bush for president , saying he believes the former Florida governor has the backs of America 's troops .
( CNN )	- Unemployment is part of everyday life for millions of Americans and one man finally decided to do something about it .	He created a grassroots organization , `` I need a freakin ' job , '' to give a voice to the fifteen million unemployed .
( CNN )	-- Congressional leaders have been invited to the White House for a meeting at 10 a.m . ET Friday -- the day forced spending cuts are scheduled to start taking effect , two sources said Wednesday .
A judge has sentenced a teen in Texas to 10 years ' probation for driving drunk and causing a crash that left two people severely injured and four others dead .
An editorial says that using supplements and multivitamins to prevent chronic conditions are a waste of money .
For GOP candidates dreaming of starring in the first presidential debate , Donald Trump is both the road and the roadblock to turning it into a reality .
Mark Zuckerberg 's 2015 Resolution is to read a book every two week and discuss it on Facebook with friends .
President Donald Trump declared Wednesday that the North Korean regime no longer poses a nuclear threat following his summit with Kim Jong Un , even though the meeting produced no verifiable proof that the rogue regime will discontinue its nuclear program .
By Daniel Burke , CNN Belief Blog Co-Editor ( CNN ) -- As Pope Francis prepares to celebrate his first Christmas at the Vatican , Americans ' opinions of the pontiff appear to be as high as the dome on St. Peter 's Basilica , according to a new survey .
Officials now know how a Bengal tiger was found roaming around a community in metro Atlanta : It had slipped out unnoticed from its enclosure as it was being transported .
A Catholic priest was beaten while praying at his church in Merrillville , Indiana , and authorities are investigating the attack as a hate crime .
The Florida state House on Tuesday rejected a ban on many semiautomatic guns and large capacity magazines as dozens of survivors of last week 's school shooting headed to the state Capitol to turn their grief into political action .
Jeb Bush 's clumsy response to questions about Iraq could reinforce concerns that he is a rusty campaigner heading into 2016 .
When debris rained from the sky in lower Manhattan on September 11 , 2001 , the first responders to the terrorist attack did not turn away .	They rushed to the World Trade Center buildings while the world around them crumbled .
President Donald Trump warned that the special counsel investigation into alleged links between his 2016 campaign and Russia 's election hacking `` hurts our country '' after earlier branding the probe the `` single greatest witch hunt '' in political history .
Pfc .	Bradley Manning , the Army intelligence analyst convicted of leaking classified materials , is sentenced to 35 years in prison Wednesday .
Beginning September 30 , kratom will be considered a Schedule I drug , a substance that has `` no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse , '' the DEA announced .
Hackers commandeered the YouTube page of the venerable `` Sesame Street '' children 's show Sunday , reprogramming the page with X-rated content .
Delta acknowledged a glitch caused steeply-discounted tickets to be offered online Thursday -- some for as low as $ 27 , according to customers .
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko hit back at critics of his staged murder , saying that the operation was carried out in response to a real threat to his life .
More Democratic lawmakers are sending letters to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committee chairs urging them to use their authority to review Donald Trump 's tax returns for potential conflicts of interest .
Army veteran Jamie Shupe , who identifies as neither male nor female , can legally be considered nonbinary , a judge ruled .
New video from a production house associated with the Taliban includes scenes of a U.S. soldier captured in Afghanistan nearly 18 months ago , a family spokesman confirmed Tuesday night .
Vice President Joe Biden revealed to members of the Democratic National Committee Wednesday that he is assessing whether he has `` the emotional fuel '' to run for the White House .
Autotrader and State Farm are pulling spots from Bee 's TBS program .
Argentina has just hours to avoid a second debt default in 13 years that could plunge the country into turmoil .
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have revealed they have been separated since late last year , according to a joint statement .
Seeking to further challenge China 's military build-up in the South China Sea , a U.S. military spy plane conducted a reconnaissance mission .
The incredible increase in the cost of EpiPens , auto-injectors that can stop life-threatening emergencies caused by allergic reactions , has hit home on Capitol Hill .
For the first time , Malaysian authorities have caned three Muslim women under Islamic law for acts of adultery , the Malaysian national news agency Bernama said .
Bernie Sanders ' lead over Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire is on the rise , with the Vermont senator leading the former secretary of state by 27 points , 60 % to 33 % , a new CNN/WMUR poll has found .
Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin will meet soon , Russian and US officials said on Wednesday , setting up a fraught encounter just as Western alliances appear fractured .
( CNN ) --	While investigators focus on developments leading up to the Boston Marathon bombing , gun rights advocates zeroed in on the tense days after the deadly attack and the frantic manhunt for one of the suspects .
Teddy Ruxpin , the hugely popular talking bear from the 1980s , is making a comeback .	Teddy 2.0 will still tell stories , but he 's getting a few upgrades .
Kelly Sadler , the White House communications aide who made an imprudent comment about Republican Sen. John McCain 's health , was quietly let go Tuesday nearly a month after making the insensitive remark .
Two signs of the times : another mass shooting and more Twitter outrage .	This time , though , the barbs over social media came from the medical community in response to a tweet from the National Rifle Association .
The manufacturer of an amusement park ride that malfunctioned at the Ohio State Fair in July said on Sunday that the deadly incident was caused by `` excessive corrosion . ''
Lane Graves , the 2-year-old boy who was grabbed Tuesday night by an alligator , has been found dead , Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said Wednesday .
A pregnant nurse tells CNN she was fired from her job after she refused to get a flu shot for fear of miscarrying .
In May 2013 , authorities in Myanmar 's Rakhine state issued a directive placing a two-child limit on Rohingya couples in two predominately Muslim townships in the region -- in blatant disregard of the recommendations of a commission set up to investigate the recent violence between Muslims and Buddhists in western Myanmar .
A co-pilot	on an Ethiopian Airlines flight bound for Rome hijacked the airliner early Monday morning and flew it to Geneva , Switzerland , looking for asylum .
Mark Zuckerberg is meeting with prominent figures in media , including Glenn Beck , to discuss the alleged suppression of conservative news stories .
They appear overcome with emotion and share a kiss , ecstatic to be back in each other 's arms .
The company , Perpetual Guardian , said its employees reported lower stress and greater productivity .
Counterterrorism agencies are scrambling to identify and thwart potential threats after the deadly attacks in Paris and raids in Belgium .
There are no more water utility customers in West Virginia being told not to drink their tap water , officials said Saturday .
Genuine .	Funny .	That 's how friends described Chad Wayne Oulson , who was fatally shot in a dispute about texting in a Florida cinema Monday .
The eighth person who attended the June 2016 meeting with Donald Trump Jr. at Trump Tower is a senior vice president at the company founded by the Russian oligarch who initiated the meeting , CNN has learned .
Tuesday night 's elections were seen for what they 'd say about next year 's midterms and the next presidential contest .
The state lawmaker who received an expletive-laced voicemail from Maine Gov .	Paul LePage said Friday he did not call LePage a racist , as the governor claims .
Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway admonished a man who shouted `` Jew-S-A ! ''	at reporters at a Trump rally Saturday night	and said she would have had him removed if she had seen it .
President Donald Trump used a term from US segregationist history to describe the relationship between the Air Force and his newest military branch , the Space Force , calling it `` separate but equal . ''
Authorities in South Carolina have charged Todd Christopher Kohlhepp with four counts of murder , but officials are looking into the possibility there are more victims .
Jose Antonio Vargas , one of America 's most well known undocumented immigrants , was released from detention with a notice to appear in immigration court .
Arkansas executed convicted murderer Ledell Lee , the first inmate to be put to death in the state in more than a decade .
Colton Haab heard gunshots , and his Junior ROTC training kicked in .	He ushered 60 to 70 people to shelter in an open Junior ROTC room .	`` We took those sheets , and we put them in front of everybody ... and the Kevlar would slow the bullet down , '' Haab said .
Donald Trump is once again alone at the top of the Republican field , according to the latest CNN/ORC Poll , with 36 % of registered Republicans and Republican-leaning independents behind him , while his nearest competitor trails by 20 points .
Here are the most recent developments in the investigation into the April 15 Boston Marathon bombings :
Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort 's longtime bookkeeper testified Thursday that Manafort was in serious financial trouble in 2016 after his lobbying business dried up , and he and his deputy Rick Gates sent several fake , inflated income business statements to banks .
The FBI is not expected to pursue any charges against former national security adviser Michael Flynn regarding a phone call with Russia 's ambassador , barring new information that changes what they know , law enforcement officials told CNN Thursday .
The Obama administration released two documents on Friday describing the scope of National Security Agency data collection programs , a bid to quiet criticism they violate privacy rights .
The data records of El Faro , a ship that sank with all hands on board last year near the Bahamas , have been found by the National Transportation Safety Board .
A day of peaceful protests devolved into a night of Molotov cocktails and tear gas as rage boiled over in Ferguson , Missouri .
Arizona 's Legislature has passed a controversial bill that would allow business owners , as long as they assert their religious beliefs , to deny service to gays .
What Trump said -- and did n't say -- on in the wake of the violent protests by white supremacists	tin Charlottesville marks the nadir of his presidency to date .
By firing FBI director James Comey on Tuesday , President Donald Trump has created a near-impossible standard for his replacement .
An independent autopsy shows that Stephon Clark was shot by Sacramento police eight times , and six of those wounds were in his back , said Dr. Bennet Omalu , the forensic pathologist retained by attorneys for Clark 's family to conduct a separate autopsy .
The Republicans ' signature campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare came to a screeching halt Monday night after Sens .	Mike Lee of Utah and Jerry Moran of Kansas came together , shocked Capitol Hill and vowed to vote against the latest draft of the GOP 's health care bill .
Authorities believe the gunman who killed 49 people at Orlando 's Pulse nightclub conducted surveillance trips at the club and a Disney complex this month , a law enforcement official said .
( CNN ) --	President Barack Obama on Friday chided recent state efforts to enact tougher abortion laws and became the first sitting president to address Planned Parenthood when he spoke at a gala for the group .	`` When you read about some of these laws , you want to check the calendar .
R. Sargent Shriver , who was responsible for launching the U.S. Peace Corps after marrying into the Kennedy family and joining John F. Kennedy 's White House , has died , according to his family .
Investigators are getting closer to the origin of a fire that killed at least 36 people in a converted warehouse in Oakland , California .
For the first time in the United States , New York City issued a birth certificate reading `` intersex '' in the gender field .
Tonyaa Weathersbee calls the verdict in the Michael Dunn murder case a hollow victory , where apparently the only weapon Jordan Davis had was his words .
Mom to government officials : `` Shame on you .	How dare you ... let our kids play in lead and arsenic soil . ''
President Donald Trump said Friday that he believes Saudi Arabia 's explanation for the death of journalist Jamal Khashoggi and called the arrest of 18 Saudis `` a good first step . ''
FSU quarterback Jameis Winston was cited for allegedly stealing crab legs from a grocery store , source says .
The Pakistan Taliban 's No . 2 leader was killed in a drone strike in the country 's tribal region , sources say .
The co-founders	of Ben & Jerry 's ice cream were arrested at the U.S. Capitol on Monday .
Egyptian protesters threw tomatoes at U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's motorcade Sunday during her visits with top officials .
Florida Gov .	Rick Scott Friday announced a comprehensive plan to keep students safe .
President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , spoke for a second time on July 7 in a previously undisclosed discussion , the White House confirmed on Tuesday .
The FBI and British police think they finally cracked the case of `` Crackas with Attitude . ''
Church of England leaders have voted to allow women to become bishops , the church announced Monday .
Read CNN 's Fast Facts to learn more about the 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai , India , which took place November 26-29 .
According to authorities , actor Wendell Pierce was charged with simple battery , booked and released on Saturday .
The US is expected to threaten sanctions Monday against the International Criminal Court and announce the closure of the Palestine Liberation Organization office in Washington .
Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker revised his financial disclosure forms five times after being appointed to the top Justice Department role earlier this month , according to the forms , which were released Tuesday .
Afeni Shakur Davis , the mother of one of hip-hop 's most seminal and iconic figures , has died at age 69 , the Marin County , California , sheriff 's office says .
Divorce in Hollywood is almost as common as sunshine and paparazzi .
It takes longer to recover from jet lag when traveling eastward than westward , according to a math model developed by researchers at the University of Maryland .
More Japanese children and teenagers killed themselves between 2016 and 2017 than in any year since 1986 , according to a new government report .
The term `` money laundering '' was never more appropriate than this week , when Dutch police found around $ 400,000 stuffed inside the drum of a washing machine .
Here are the most recent developments in the investigation into the April 15 Boston Marathon bombs :
One of the women who accused Herman Cain of sexual harassment released a statement Friday saying she `` stands by '' her complaint .
An ocean at least as large as Lake Superior lies below a thick layer of ice on a moon of Saturn , new data from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft suggests .
A third person has died as a result of last week 's incident in which a driver plowed into people at the South by Southwest festival in Texas , police said Monday .
The family of 30-year-old Madelyn Linsenmeir memorialized her and reached out to others through an honest , compassionate obituary .
American Airlines will decrease the space between some of its economy class seats by another two inches .
On the foggy , icy Oregon interstate , Kaleb Whitby plowed into the back of a jackknifed semi truck , flipping his pickup .
Health Canada has amended its regulations to allow Canadian doctors to prescribe heroin as a treatment for those who are severely addicted to the drug .
The Trump administration said Friday it will not release logs of White House visitors , breaking with a precedent set by the Obama administration and shrouding Trump 's activities in the West Wing in secrecy .
Northern Italy was shaken by a new earthquake Monday morning , a day after a magnitude-6.0 quake killed at least seven people .
The family of a boy who entered a Cincinnati Zoo gorilla 's enclosure last weekend -- spurring zoo officials to shoot and kill the animal -- will be the focus of an investigation into the incident , Cincinnati police said Tuesday .
More people are dying from Alzheimer 's , suicide , homicide , firearm deaths , hypertension and drug overdoses
First lady Melania Trump underwent a procedure Monday morning to treat a benign kidney condition , the White House stated .
Actress Elizabeth Peña has died of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager told CNN .	She was 55 .
The U.S. Defense Department on Monday identified the SEAL killed during a successful raid to free a captive doctor in Afghanistan .
A Maryland teen survived after a five-foot wooden board remained attached to his head for roughly seven hours by a construction screw that pierced his skull .
Scott Walker announced Monday he is dropping out of the GOP presidential race .
A gunman wearing tactical gear killed four people in a shooting rampage in California , before police killed him .
In the first case of a US police officer charged with aiding ISIS , a Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority cop was arrested Wednesday for providing material support to ISIS , the Justice Department announced .
Millions of people observe the funeral and royal cremation of King Bhumibol Adulyadej , the monarch who ruled Thailand from 1946 until his death last year .
GM 's May car sales strongest month for company since August 2008 .
A federal judge in Texas said on Friday that the Affordable Care Act 's individual coverage mandate is unconstitutional and that the rest of the law therefore can not stand .
A North Korean soldier was shot by his former comrades while defecting to South Korea across the demilitarized zone , Seoul 's Joint Chiefs of Staff said in a statement Monday .
Bill Clinton traded verbal shots in a feisty 15-minute exchange with Black Lives Matter protesters in Philadelphia on Thursday , as he defended his wife 's presidential bid .
Donald Trump Jr. is seeking to scale back his Secret Service protection , four sources familiar with Trump Jr. 's Secret Service protection confirmed Monday .
Democrats took giant steps toward party unity Thursday as Bernie Sanders vowed to work together with Hillary Clinton to defeat Donald Trump in November and President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden formally endorsed Clinton for president .
Matt Roberts , best known as a former guitarist for the band 3 Doors Down , has died , according to his father .
An initial tsunami advisory has been canceled for coastal Alaska , hours after it was issued following a magnitude 7.9 earthquake offshore Monday .
Egypt , including its capital Cairo , teetered on the edge early Thursday -- with clashes persisting following the bloodiest day since the revolution 2 years ago .
Aaron Carter was arrested in Georgia under suspicion of driving under the influence and marijuana possession , the Habersham County sheriff 's office said .
A major blizzard that has hammered the Midwest , prompting road closures , school cancellations and power outages , is expected to weaken Friday .
Kim 's birthday is believed to fall on January 8 , but like most affairs of North Korea , his personal details are opaque .
Theodore C. Sorensen , a close adviser and speechwriter to President John F. Kennedy , has died , the White House said Sunday .
Warren Weinstein , an American aid worker , was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan , officials said .
Attention , Earthlings : The sun is spewing plasma toward you , and the results could be beautiful .
The Trump administration is looking to send poor Americans part of their food stamp benefits as a box of groceries , much like meal delivery service Blue Apron .
A top Pentagon official said Tuesday that the U.S. is hitting ISIS with `` cyber bombs '' as part of its strategy to against the terrorist group .
Two leaders in food delivery , Seamless North America LLC and GrubHub , announced that they will merge on Monday morning .
Dylann Roof , convicted of killing nine people in a South Carolina church , plans to present no witnesses or evidence in his sentencing .	Roof could get the death penalty for the June 2015 massacre at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church .
Former Rep. Joe Walsh on Friday defended calling on Americans to grab their `` musket '' if Hillary Clinton is elected president , insisting it was not an incitement to armed revolution .
Disney dominates in list of best amusement parks .
National security analyst KT McFarland will join President-elect Donald Trump 's administration as the deputy national security adviser , the transition announced Friday , also naming Donald McGahn , general counsel for Trump 's campaign , to be White House counsel .
TransCanada said it plans to resume operating the Keystone pipeline on Saturday , a week after a spill was discovered in South Dakota .
Exposure to the kind of blue light emitted by outdoor LEDs , smartphones and tablets may increase your risk of breast or prostate cancer , a new study suggests .
Endangered seals are baffling conservationists with an unlikely predicament -- getting eels stuck up their noses .
Websites affiliated with the CIA , Mexico 's mining ministry and the state of Alabama were down Friday , allegedly done in by hackers .
Jared Kushner , the President 's son-in-law and senior adviser , made a rare public statement Monday following his meeting with Senate intelligence committee staffers , saying his answers and information he provided the committee show `` all of my actions were proper '' in the course of the campaign .
Bruce Davis -- a former associate of Charles Manson -- was granted parole Wednesday , though that does n't mean he 'll necessarily become a free man .
About 1,500 Mormons are leaving the Church of Latter-day Saints to protest a policy that bans children of same-sex relationships from being baptized , a lawyer said .
Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner heeded calls from across the political spectrum by resigning from office Thursday , saying the sexting scandal he first lied about and then admitted caused such a distraction that it was impossible for him to continue his work in Congress .
Day 2 in the murder trial of Olympian double-amputee Oscar Pistorius :	Defense attorney tries to poke holes in highly emotional testimony of first witness .
Federal marshals have arrested Scott Kelley , a fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on CNN 's `` The Hunt . ''
Excavations on the storied cliffside reveal a new Dead Sea Scrolls cave , full of scroll storage jars and other preserved antiquities .
Authorities searched for a second day Monday for two adults and two children missing off the coast of San Francisco .
Fugitive National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden speaks remotely to an audience of thousands at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival .
Philip Seymour Hoffman , died of acute mixed drug intoxication , including heroin , cocaine , benzodiazepines and amphetamine .
The former president may partner with Netflix for a series of shows involving Michelle Obama as well .
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's own words may determine whether he lives or dies , even if he never speaks a word at his trial .
More than 1,300 pounds ( 590kg ) of bronze Roman coins dating to the 3rd century A.D. have been unearthed by construction workers digging a trench in Spain .
A gas explosion leveled part of a maternity hospital in Mexico City , killing a nurse and two babies in the blast .	At least 73 people were injured .
Iran says it has decoded and released footage from a U.S. drone that it downed more than a year ago .
What will the United States do about its longtime ally Egypt ?
Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates disagreed with FBI Director James Comey 's decision to notify Congress about his bureau 's review of emails potentially related to Hillary Clinton 's personal server , law enforcement officials familiar with the discussion said .
Vermont just passed a law that will pay new residents who work remotely for out-of-state companies up to $ 10,000 .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( AP ) --	Shen Xue beamed as she clutched the big shiny medal and husband Zhao Hongbo planted a kiss on her forehead .
Angelina Jolie has chickenpox and is 'heartbroken ' that she will miss the premiere of the movie `` Unbroken , '' which she directed .
( CNN )	-- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been discharged from a New York hospital after spending three days being treated for a blood clot , the State Department announced Wednesday .	Secretary Clinton was discharged from the hospital this evening .
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry made a previously unannounced stop in Afghanistan for a meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Monday .
The highly anticipated Super Bowl 50 commercials have been preceded by a spot the NFL released Monday to remind fans of the excitement that a Super Bowl can bring .
A California educator is charged with 16 felony counts of child sex abuse after a former student 's accusations on YouTube , the Riverside County DA 's office said .
An elaborate crop circle sculpted into a farm south of San Francisco is no more , having been mowed down to the dismay of hundreds who flocked to the site .
US moving hundreds of employees and their families from its Guantanamo Bay naval base as Hurricane Matthew nears .
Police at Louisiana State University are investigating whether a fraternity hazing led to the death of a freshman student , according to university officials .
A Russian river located by the Arctic town of Norilsk turned bright red Tuesday , looking more like an enormous blood vessel than a body of water .
In Kansas this week , grass fires have scorched more than 650,000 acres , devastating farming and ranching communities .
A House Armed Services Committee report set to be released Thursday accuses the Obama administration of misleading Congress and violating federal law during a controversial prisoner exchange .
The 14-year-old student charged in the slaying of a Massachusetts high school teacher allegedly used a box cutter to kill her , two law enforcement sources said .
Data brokers are selling lists of rape victims , seniors with dementia , people with genetic diseases and even those suffering from HIV and AIDs , underscoring the need for government regulations , a privacy advocate told Congress on Wednesday .
The UK 's High Court will reconvene Thursday to hear new medical evidence in the case of baby Charlie Gard , whose parents are fighting doctors to keep him on life support .
Heavy gunfire reverberated in central Cairo before dawn Thursday as supporters and foes of embattled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak continued to face off at Tahrir Square , where chunks of concretes and Molotov cocktails were employed as weapons in the escalating crisis .
Ohio Gov .	John Kasich told CNN 's Jake Tapper on `` State of the Union '' that he would sign a bill currently being debated in his state banning abortion if the reason for the procedure is because the child would have Down syndrome .
It 'll cost Deadheads a pretty penny to see The Dead jam with Phish front man Trey Anastasio this summer .
EPA is beefing up security measures surrounding Administrator Scott Pruitt to an unprecedented level
The romance between `` Sweetener '' singer Ariana Grande and `` SNL '' performer Pete Davidson has turned sour .
Republican Sen. Susan Collins , a key vote in the coming Supreme Court confirmation fight , said Sunday she would not support a nominee hostile to the landmark abortion ruling in Roe v. Wade .
Ukraine 's parliament dismissed the defense minister Tuesday over his handling of the situation in Crimea .
The `` dangerous '' heat wave baking the central United States is expected to extend its reach eastward in the coming week , and ultimately cover most of the eastern part of the country , the National Weather Service said Monday .
Martin O'Malley is polling at 3 % , and his supporters may be free to switch their support to Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders at Monday night 's caucuses
Pope Francis has said he is open to married men becoming priests in the Roman Catholic Church to combat the `` enormous problem '' of a shortage of clergy .
Closing arguments are set to begin Thursday in the trial of Maj.	Nidal Hasan , the Fort Hood shooter who says jurors should n't consider lesser charges .
July 's no . 1 spot is a notable win for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer , who 's made a number of changes to the site since taking over the troubled company last July .
Six people were shot early Monday in two separate shootings in Minneapolis , Minnesota , police said .
Marco Rubio may be gone , but he 's not all the way out .
Four hundred years after the death of Countess Elizabeth Bathory , her murderous exploits prove a grisly attraction .
Police , family await autopsy to see if body found in bayou is missing teacher 's
The family of Terri Schiavo has joined the battle over Jahi McMath , a 13-year-old girl on a ventilator who has been declared dead by doctors .
Bobbi Kristina Brown , the daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' according to her grandmother Cissy Houston .
A Mississippi deputy who was attacked by three men is injured but alive after quick action by his K-9 officer .
The use of benzodiazepines , such as Xanax and Valium , is on the rise , and the number of overdose deaths related to them soared in recent years , new research says .
The United States could cooperate with Iran to stop militant gains in Iraq , Secretary of State John Kerry suggested Monday in an interview with Yahoo !	News .
After George Zimmerman took the stand during his bond hearing and told Trayvon Martin 's parents that he was sorry for the loss of their son , a Florida judge Friday	set Zimmerman 's bond at $ 150,000 .	The judge set a number of conditions , including GPS monitoring .
Israeli airstrikes and tank shells pounded parts of Gaza Tuesday -- killing a 4-year-old girl , Palestinian security and medical sources said -- after Israel said a Gaza sniper killed a Muslim Israeli man near a border fence .
Hours before the invitation , the Philippines ' President had urged the US to show restraint toward North Korea , saying both nations are `` playing with their dangerous toys . ''
A nationwide report says the tap water of 218 million Americans contains levels of chromium-6 that are considered dangerous by the Environmental Working Group .
By CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr American military aircraft will fly African and European peacekeepers to the Central African Republic , which is in the midst of a bloody internal conflict between various proclaimed Christian and Muslim militias and other rebel factions .
Several tornadoes ripped through the Midwest on Sunday , killing at least six people and devastating neighborhoods
The Pakistani Taliban will avenge the group 's No . 2 leader , who was slain Wednesday in a drone strike , and wo n't listen to peace initiatives , a spokesman said .
Syrian protesters marched Friday against the government and in support of opposition calls for an internationally enforced no-fly zone , opposition groups said .
Donald Trump , trailing his opponent in key battleground states polls less than two weeks from Election Day , said Thursday he 'd like to `` cancel the election '' and be declared the winner .
Mother Mary Angelica of the Annunciation , a Catholic nun who started a TV station in a garage that grew into a religious media giant , died on Easter Sunday .
President Donald Trump said Wednesday that former FBI Director James Comey was not fired because of the Russia investigation -- a statement directly at odds with the President 's own comments on Comey 's dismissal .
On style , foreign policy , Hillary Clinton won the democratic debate , but Sanders won on substance of his one very good issue : money in politics .
Jeff Weaver , Bernie Sanders ' campaign manager , said Tuesday he believes the Democratic primary fight will continue until the convention , and that Sanders will emerge as the winner , not Hillary Clinton .
( CNN ) --	Rick Santorum 's lead in Ohio 's Republican presidential primary has evaporated , according to a new poll released just four days before what can arguably be considered the most important contest on Super Tuesday .
An Army major general and 10 other personnel are now in `` controlled monitoring '' in Italy after returning there from West Africa over the weekend .
Professional wrestler Leati Joseph Anoaʻi , better known by his stage name Roman Reigns , has announced that he is stepping away from the ring due to an ongoing fight against leukemia .
Yik Yak is at the center of a harassment complaint directed at University of Mary Washington officials after a campus murder took place in April .
An House investigative report finds little to support questions about CIA actions on the ground in Benghazi , Libya , the night of a deadly attack in 2012 .
A mother and daughter from North Carolina are recovering in the hospital after five days lost in the New Zealand wilderness .
Melania Trump praised LeBron James for his charity work less than a day after her husband attacked the NBA superstar 's intellect in a tweet Friday night .
The Trump White House is at once decidedly leaky and totally unknowable .	We know there 's lots of jockeying and infighting among President Trump 's top advisers , but what we do n't really know is what specific roles each of them play or who , at any given time , has the President 's ear .
The Presidential Spokesperson however clarifies that the Human Rights Watch should not feel alluded to .
Pendleton , South Carolina ( CNN ) -- Rick Perry 's wife Anita said Friday that she could sympathize with the plight of the unemployed because her son was forced to resign his job to take a more active role on his father 's presidential campaign .
Chelsea Clinton is bringing the fire on Twitter lately .
Portland 's mayor said the city will create new rules , eventually allowing Uber to operate there .
Tiffany Sessions is presumed dead and she 's been missing for more years than she lived , but her family continues to hold out hope that they 'll find the killer .
Susan Jordan , an Indiana school principal , dies after pushing students out of the way of an oncoming bus .
FORTUNE -- Here is what Carol Bartz thinks of the Yahoo ( YHOO ) board that fired her : “ These people f -- -ed me over , ” she says , in her first interview since her dismissal from the CEO role late Tuesday .	Last evening , barely
The White House is struggling to control the fallout after President Trump sided with Russia over the US intelligence community .	Follow live .
A year after the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge raised $ 115 million , about 40 % of the money , $ 47.1 million , has been spent or budgeted toward specific purposes .
All U.S. military combat positions are being opened up to women , the Pentagon announced Thursday .
Divers spent a grim day bringing body after body out of the sunken ferry Sewol .
Along the Central Florida coast , a spike in moon jellyfish stings have kicked off summer in a painful way .
An envelope that tested positive for the deadly poison ricin was intercepted Tuesday afternoon at a mail facility in Washington , sources tell CNN .
Spain says it will allow a ship carrying hundreds of migrants to dock in Valencia after Italy 's populist government turned the boat away in a move described as `` unprecedented . ''
Sessions says he will continue as AG despite Trump 's comments that he 'd have picked someone else	had he known Sessions would recuse himself from Russia probe
Kids who do n't have money to pay for their school lunch often have their tray taken .	It 's called school lunch shaming , and there 's a campaign to end it .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer flatly denied Friday that the White House apologized to the British government after citing an uncorroborated Fox News report to allege that a UK intelligence agency spied on President Donald Trump at the behest of former President Barack Obama .
Jack McCullough , sentenced to life for the murder of 7-year-old Maria Ridulph , broke into a wide grin as a judge ordered him released from prison .
Hong Kong is cleaning up Tuesday after a severe typhoon struck the city with gale-force winds and rain , shuttering much of the city and injuring at least 129 people .
Najafi Media is backing newly formed Paula Deen Ventures
American Cancer Society says women should start getting mammograms at 45 instead of 40 , and everyone can skip the routine doctor breast checks .
Australian authorities will investigate why a pair of battery-powered headphones caught fire two hours into a flight between Beijing and Melbourne , blackening and blistering a female passenger 's face and hands .
Libya 's ragtag rebels in Zawiya succumbed Thursday to better armed and organized government soldiers after enduring a week of attacks that left the coastal city strewn with the debris of war .
Lawyers for Donald Trump have called on The New York Times to retract a bombshell report in which two women claimed that Trump had touched them inappropriately .
Rick Santorum went to the steps of the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to attack frontrunning Republican presidential rival Mitt Romney over health care reform .
It 's the third sign to go up at the site outside Glendora , Mississippi , near where the 14-year-old 's body was pulled from the Tallahatchie River in 1955 .
It seems that Andrew Cuomo has a wonderful sense of theater .	On the very day that Steve Rattner is all over cable news to discuss GM 's ( GM ) return to the public markets , he has ( finally ) been sued by the
The combination of a gun and a surprise gone wrong left a beloved 18-year-old track star dead , authorities in Longmont , Colorado , say .
Coffee merchant says it will offer both full- and part-time employees a generous tuition reimbursement benefit that covers two full years of classes .
Some residents of Hawaii are prepping for not one but two hurricanes predicted to brush the region later Thursday and this weekend .
The FBI has information that indicates associates of President Donald Trump communicated with suspected Russian operatives to possibly coordinate the release of information damaging to Hillary Clinton 's campaign , US officials told CNN .
An Army veteran says Sen. Al Franken groped her in December 2003 , telling CNN that while she was deployed in Kuwait , the Minnesota Democrat cupped her breast during a photo op .
Yellowstone grizzly bears are emerging from their winter hibernation to the news that wildlife officials no longer consider them threatened under the ESA .
An E. coli scare has prompted Niagara Bottling to recall 14 brands of its water
When researchers discovered the oldest human remains ever found in Poland a few years ago , they did n't realize that the bones were hiding a grisly secret .
No one knows why a child opened fire at Sparks Middle School in Nevada , killing a teacher and wounding two other students before taking his own life .
Road rage turned deadly in New Mexico when a motorist allegedly fired into another vehicle , fatally shooting 4-year-old Illiana `` Lilly '' Rose Garcia .
President Donald Trump is promising soccer 's international governing body that foreign teams , officials and fans will be able to travel to the US for the 2026 World Cup if North America wins the bid to host the tournament .
Editor 's note : Quazi Mohammad Rezwanul Ahsan Nafis , a 21-year-old man , has been arrested on suspicion of planning to blow up the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , federal officials said .	Authorities say he attempted to detonate what he believed was a 1,000-pound bomb .
Fox News host Eric Bolling is suing a journalist who reported last week that Bolling had sent lewd messages to female colleagues years ago .
Escaped murderers Richard Matt and David Sweat took advantage of `` systemic failures in management '' at Clinton Correctional Facility , a report says .
West Virginia Republican US Senate candidate Don Blankenship escalated his racial attacks on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in a new ad ahead of Tuesday 's primary .
A big asteroid will fly by Earth on Monday , but NASA says do n't worry -- we 'll be safe .
Jane Little , a bassist who held the Guinness World Record for the longest professional tenure with a single orchestra , died Sunday night after collapsing on stage during a performance earlier that afternoon .
Target says it will spend $ 20 million to add private bathrooms after boycott objecting to sharing public bathroom with transgender people .
Jeffrey and Jeanette Navin , a Connecticut couple , disappears after losing an appeal in a foreclosure case ; their family says the financial woes may be unrelated .
The Afghan woman known internationally as the `` Afghan Girl , '' thanks to her appearance on a famous National Geographic cover , has had a bail request turned down .
After reactors at the Fukushima Daichi nuclear plant suffered catastrophic meltdowns , thousands of workers were sent in to deal with the aftermath .
North Korea claims it has successfully launched a satellite into space , prompting an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting on Sunday .
Scarlett Johansson is once again at the center of a Hollywood casting controversy over the film `` Rub & Tug , '' in which she will play a transgender man .
General Motors recalls 1.3 million late model cars and another 1.1 million older cars in the latest recalls by the company .
The student occupation of the administration building at Howard University in Washington , D.C. was in its seventh day on Wednesday , with demonstrators drawing inspiration from the historically black college 's history of protest in their sit-in over misappropriated financial aid funds .
A women is feared dead in a suspected crocodile attack in Australia that has been called an act of `` human stupidity '' by one local politician .
A year after Berkshire Hathaway completed its biggest acquisition , CEO Warren Buffett is on the hunt again .	Buffett told Berkshire ( BRKA ) shareholders in his annual letter to them Saturday that they should brace for more megadeals along the lines of last February ’ s $ 26 billion buy of railroad Burlington Northern
America 's leading merchants have spoken : The Confederate flag is coming off the shelves .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is offering to help transport hurricane survivors from Puerto Rico to the continental United States but , so far , there are few takers .
HoopSwagg is a custom socks startup founded by Brennan Agranoff , 17 .
Forty-four states have refused to give certain voter information to Trump commission
President Donald Trump said Tuesday the recent spate of threats targeting the Jewish community in the US are `` horrible '' and `` painful '' as he faced a growing chorus of calls from Democrats and Jewish leaders urging him to speak out .
President Donald Trump dives into the business of policy Monday , signing executive actions that remove the US from the Trans Pacific Partnership , enacting a federal employee hiring freeze ( except for the military ) , and reinstating the `` Mexico City policy '' on abortion funding .
Terrified crowds raced out of New York 's Penn Station following false reports of gunfire , leading to a stampede that injured at least 16 people , authorities said .
James Clapper , former director of National Intelligence , said Wednesday morning he questioned President Donald Trump 's fitness for office .
President Donald Trump mocked the No . 4 House Democrat , Rep. Joe Crowley of New York , for losing in a primary to 28-year-old first-time candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez on Tuesday .
( CNN ) --	On the eve of the Arizona special election to replace Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , Democratic candidate Ron Barber reaffirmed his support for President Barack Obama on Monday , despite distancing himself from the president throughout much of the campaign .
The State Department called for the release of ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy from detention .
Ron Lee Haskell , charged with capital murder in the deaths of six people , collapsed in a Texas courtroom during a Friday hearing .
President Barack Obama defends his health care law from attacks by Republican vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan at an AARP event Friday .
As soon as gunshots tore through a Waffle House , James Shaw Jr. bolted and hid in a restroom .	But he kept an eye and an ear out for the gunman .	And the moment the shooter paused , Shaw decided to ambush him .
Parents are complaining their kids ' support for Donald Trump was airbrushed out of a New Jersey high school yearbook .
Krauthammer 's columns and commentary shaped American politics for generations .
French warplanes pounded Islamist militant targets in Mali as efforts to help the government fight insurgents gained momentum .
Melania Trump , nearly 16 months into her tenure as first lady , has at last revealed her formal platform : `` Be Best . ''	The comprehensive program will focus on three main points -- well-being , fighting opioid abuse and positivity on social media -- and is the culmination of the past several months of Trump 's various public events , all of which centered around helping children .
Todd Graham gives Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio A 's for effective attacks against frontrunner Donald Trump
Ten shootings , 11 days , all along one small , busy stretch of Interstate-10 through downtown Phoenix .	And no suspects , and no end in sight -- yet .
A number of US athletes have spoken out against Donald Trump during his presidency -- and skier Lindsey Vonn has become the latest to have her say .
Washington ( CNN ) -- The worst Congress ever .	That 's the verdict from two-thirds of Americans about the track record of the 113th Congress , according to a new national poll .
Millions in metro Atlanta hunker down to wait out the effects of an ice storm that brought the nation 's ninth-largest city to a screeching halt .
Chris Christie drew a bright line between himself and Jeb Bush on the Iraq War in an interview on CNN , declaring he would n't have authorized the war .
Donald Trump is insisting he was right that thousands of Muslim-Americans in New Jersey celebrated 9/11 , despite being confronted with lack of evidence he 's correct .
A member of the `` Central Park 5 '' who was wrongfully convicted in a horrific 1989 New York rape case blasted Donald Trump Friday after the GOP presidential nominee said he believes the group is still guilty .
South Korean President Lee Myung-bak announced Monday his country is suspending trade with North Korea , closing its waters to the North 's ships and adopting a newly aggressive military posture after the sinking of a South Korean warship .
The Federal Communications Commission is considering allowing people to talk on their cell phones at 30,000 feet .
A federal judge in Hawaii will hear the first legal challenge to President Trump 's new travel ban on March 15 -- just hours before it is slated to go into effect
Russian says its airstrike in Syria on Wednesday targeted ISIS ; U.S. official says it had `` no strategic purpose '' in combating ISIS .
A leading vegetable supplier in California , Mann Packing , voluntarily recalled products that might have been contaminated with a harmful bacteria called listeria , the company announced last week .
The man accused of killing 77 people in a terrorist rampage in Norway in July is insane and can not be sentenced to prison , police said .
A Brooklyn woman whose racist , profanity-laced tirade on the New York subway was captured on video this week has been charged with felony assault charges after she struck a fellow straphanger , authorities said .
A Florida man shot and killed his daughter and six grandchildren in the small Florida town of Bell in what authorities called a murder-suicide .
Brazil 's new president-elect vowed to continue her predecessor 's move to fight against inequality and promote human rights and fight poverty in her victory speech Sunday night .
Officer Montrell Jackson , killed Sunday in Baton Rouge , had issued a plea for peace four days after the police-involved shooting of Alton Sterling .
President Trump 's adviser Kellyanne Conway was unrepentant for using her White House position to promote first daughter Ivanka Trump 's fashion brand , despite a backlash from ethics experts and public officials .
U.S. Special Operations Forces have captured their first suspected ISIS operative in Northern Iraq as part of a highly secretive targeting team , CNN has learned .
It was a tense town hall in Springdale , Arkansas , but one little boy and his question about the border wall stole the show .
Singer posts on social media that she will hold a benefit concert `` in honor of and to raise money for the victims and their families . ''
( CNN )	- Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum labeled Rush Limbaugh `` absurd '' over disparaging remarks from the radio talk show host directed at a law student who testified before a House panel in support of access to contraceptives .
In his last State of the Union speech before the 2012 election , President Obama will will address the topic of economic inequality .
John Bolton faces a baptism of fire on Monday , his first official day as President Donald Trump 's national security adviser .
Today on “ State of the Union ” David Boies , the attorney who led the fight against Proposition 8 in California , said he ’ ll push to legalize same-sex marriage in all 50 states .	Boies didn ’ t say which states he ’ d target next , but added “ there is n't any state that we 're giving up on .
Elizabeth Warren unleashed a blistering attack against Donald Trump Monday in her debut on the 2016 campaign trail , delivering a fiery speech that resembled a live audition for the role of Hillary Clinton 's top surrogate -- or vice president .
Former `` Miss Universe ''	Alicia Machado struck back Tuesday against insults hurled at her by Donald Trump , saying that he was `` aggressive '' and `` really rude . ''
Thai authorities moved into the Tiger Temple to confiscate 137 tigers but found monks had left the gates open and unchained the animals .
Big asteroid buzzes past Earth and will again in 20 years .
A federal judge Tuesday rejected an Occupy DC protester 's request to stop police from enforcing a ban on camping in Washington parks .
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down Friday and handed over power to the military , his nearly three decades of iron rule ended by a groundswell of popular protests that began January 25 .
Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and John Kasich all stepped back from their earlier pledge to support the eventual Republican nominee during Tuesday night 's CNN town hall .
Twelve people in five states have become ill from E. coli , the CDC said .	Health officials identified I.M .	Healthy SoyNut Butter as the likely cause of the outbreak .
( CNN ) --	An email exchange between two old Washington hands - one , a longtime journalist , and the second , a source in the Obama administration - is at the center of a political controversy Thursday as two sides read the messages differently .
North Korea said it would not deal with the South Korean government , dismissing the prospect of a shift in relations .
Rudy Giuliani doubled down Thursday on controversial comments he made about President Barack Obama , again insisting that Obama is a patriot even though Giuliani does n't believe the President loves the United States .
Reality-show subject Amber Portwood , whose legal troubles began on MTV 's `` Teen Mom '' show , will be in an Indiana prison for the next two years or more .
It 's not the catch they were expecting , but for one California fisherman and his son -- it was the most important catch of the day .
Jeremy Meeks ' steely baby blues and chiseled cheekbones may be attractive .	His rap sheet -- not so much .
Nearly 275,000 iPhone cases that contain glitter suspended in liquid are being recalled after reports of leakage that caused burns and skin irritation .
President Trump is holding a rally in West Virginia .	See live updates .
Washington ( CNN ) --	The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday turned aside Arizona 's appeal to reinstate its law banning most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .	A federal appeals court last year said the restrictions were unconstitutional .
A woman died after a shark attack in Hawaii , prompting beach closures in nearby areas in Maui , authorities said .
Mitt Romney suggested Friday that Donald Trump 's election could legitimize racism and misogyny , ushering in a change in the moral fabric of American society .
President Barack Obama 's Oval Office address to the country Sunday did little to impress one of his loudest critics in the race to replace him .
Three factors played a part in preserving the brains for all these years
In a dramatic turn during her murder trial , newlywed Jordan Linn Graham pleads guilty to killing her husband by pushing him over a Montana cliff this summer .
Throngs of mourners gathered in Mecca early Friday just hours after Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud died .	He was 90 .
Secretary of State John Kerry will deliver a speech Wednesday on the Obama administration 's vision for Middle East peace , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said .
Donald Trump on Friday downplayed the results of two Iowa polls that show him slipping to second place in the key first state , and he took shots at Iowa 's new front-runner : Ben Carson .
Most Twitter users will get double the characters .
Tuesday marks the final special election before November , and a reliably Republican seat is once again at risk of switching parties .
A maritime blunder then a ruinous rescue attempt has left a multi-million dollar warship under NATO command almost entirely submerged in a Norwegian fjord .
Video released Friday shows Casey Anthony rocking and hunched over upon allegedly hearing her 2-year-old daughter 's remains had been found .
It 's controversial , but chained CPI , a different way to measure inflation , could help President Obama and Republicans cut a debt-reduction deal this summer .
France will treat President Donald Trump to an elaborate military display on Friday , a strategic show of friendship by the new leader here who hopes to elevate his country 's global standing by flattering his US counterpart .
A 6-year-old New Jersey boy has died after being shot in the head by a 4-year-old playmate , police say .
The father of a 5-year-old boy whose disappearance prompted a monthslong search across Southern California has been arrested on suspicion of murder , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said .
Cannabis companies are expecting a spike in sales on 4/20 , fueled by Black Friday-style discounts .
One by one , the wounded and the grieving are telling a judge how the Aurora , Colorado , theater shooter James Holmes ripped their lives apart .
A review of a computer hard drive belonging to cop-killing suspect Eric Matthew Frein shows he planned the attack for a couple of years , authorities say .
Police are investigating a flurry of swastika vandalism over the weekend in three major US cities .
China appears to building a third airstrip in disputed waters in the South China Seas , according to new satellite images .
Jared Loughner broke down and cried to an Arizona Game and Fish officer when he was pulled over for running a red light just hours before his shooting rampage .
Hillary Clinton could face scrutiny from the Justice Department over her use of a private email account , according to a New York Times report late Thursday .
The Montana Supreme Court ruled that a county judge who wanted to reconsider his 30-day sentence given to a rapist is n't allowed to hold a hearing on the matter .
A Greek archaeologist believes he has discovered the tomb of Aristotle .
District directors approve plans for a $ 76 million suicide prevention net on San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge .
New allegations have emerged from the man described as the 20th 9/11 hijacker , alleging members of the Saudi royal family supported al Qaeda .
Kmart said hackers got an unspecified number of credit and debit card numbers .
Donald Trump has arrived in Washington -- and he 's going to be here for at least four years .
The next train arriving at platform three will be ... completely stuck due to a mix up on France 's rail network that led to trains being ordered too wide .
The FBI announces that 150 arrests have been made in a child prostitution crackdown that rescued 105 children .
If your dream job is to work from home some or all of the time , these employers might be for you .
Spanish police say they 've arrested the man behind what 's been called the biggest cyberattack in history .
The Internet Research Agency targeted more parts of the American population than had previously been reported , documents released Thursday by Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee show .
Actor Kyle Jean-Baptiste , who made history as the first African-American to play Jean Valjean in a Broadway production of Les Miserables , died Friday .
Sammy Saldivar tried to save his parents and their four great-grandchildren .	But Harvey 's floodwaters carried them away .
No charges were filed against a Hawaii man after his drone flew near President Barack Obama 's motorcade in Hawaii on Monday .
The viral video shows a Baltimore officer repeatedly punching a man and led to the officer 's resignation .
Dennis Singleton of the North Carolina National Guard still has n't gotten his car back , or any money , years after Wells Fargo illegally repossessed his car .
A military air tanker crashed while fighting a wildfire Sunday in southwest South Dakota , officials said .
Lockheed Martin stock falls after Donald Trump tweeted that he thought the cost of the company 's F-35 fighter jet was too high .	The attack comes shortly after Trump blasted Boeing for Air Force One 's costs .
Missing Malaysia Airlines flight way off course , not sending ID code when it vanished , Malaysian Air Force official tells CNN
Morocco 's king revoked on Sunday the pardon of a convicted Spanish pedophile that sparked angry protests in the North African nation .
Eric Shinseki resigned Friday as the head of the Department of Veterans Affairs , leaving behind the daunting task of repairing a broken health care system .
David Cassidy , the wildly popular '70s heartthrob who shot to fame when he starred and sang in TV 's `` The Partridge Family , '' is in critical condition with organ failure .
Fox News had the second lowest rated debate of the season , and Donald Trump is certain to take credit for hurting the channel 's total viewership .
Shooters Syed	Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik practiced at gun ranges in the Los Angeles area and were radicalized `` for quite some time , '' the FBI said Monday .
A day after predicting `` global catastrophe '' if North Korea 's nuclear tests lead to anything other than talks , Russian President Vladimir Putin has said the situation may be `` impossible '' to resolve .
Janet Jackson and four of her siblings sent a scathing letter to the men who control Michael Jackson 's estate , accusing them of fraud and of abusing their mother .
Some mega-adorable pictures of a set of grandparents wearing matching outfits were posted to Twitter last night , and we honestly ca n't get enough .
Some oat cereals , oatmeal , granola and snack bars contain higher levels of glyphosate than what the Environmental Working Group considers safe , according to a report .
Melissa Dohme would have died had it not been for Cameron Hill who was one of the first paramedics to arrive .
Woody Allen calls adopted daughter Dylan Farrow 's sexual assault accusation `` untrue and disgraceful . ''
Facebook has lost its bid to stop a lawsuit by a 14-year old girl , whose naked photo appeared on the network .
Amanda Knox may be one step closer to telling the world her side of the story about her saga of being wrapped up in an Italian murder trial that caught the world 's eye .
The deep freeze gripping much of the country is about to send temperatures plummeting to unbelievable lows .
A nonprofit group says a children 's film about a Rottweiler police dog who tries to infiltrate the world of dog shows is sending a `` troubling message that grooms children for sexual abuse , '' according to a statement made Tuesday .
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has lost his welterweight world title after failing to meet a deadline to pay a US $ 200,000	`` sanctioning '' fee to the WBO .
A woman who recently returned to Florida from Haiti has been diagnosed with cholera , the Florida Department of Health announced Wednesday .
Police : Teens break into lavish mansion , party , leave with stuffed leopard
Ohio Gov .	John Kasich signed a bill Sunday prohibiting the state from contracting for health services with any organization that performs or promotes abortions , blocking government funds to Planned Parenthood .
The head of Cleveland 's largest police union is calling on Ohio Gov .	John Kasich to temporarily tighten the state 's gun laws during this week 's Republican National Convention following Sunday 's shooting in Louisiana that killed three officers and wounded at least three others .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull mocked US President Donald Trump in a speech Wednesday night to a gathered crowd of journalists and politicians .
( CNN ) --	Three days before the final presidential debate , a new survey in the biggest of the battleground states indicates the race for the White House is basically tied .
Republican presidential frontrunner Mitt Romney had a big night Tuesday , sweeping primaries in the District of Columbia , Maryland and Wisconsin and putting more distance between himself and closest pursuer Rick Santorum in the race for delegates .
Carrie Rickey says Eastwood may be a favorite of the right , but he is a small `` L '' libertarian who goes his one way politically , with films that show an ambivalence about America
A few of you might 've missed the boat on The History Channel 's reality series `` Swamp People , '' and unfortunately are only realizing it in light of `` Swamp People '' star Mitchell Guist 's death .
Police kill two suspects hours after 14 people are slain at the Inland Regional Center .	One suspect is identified as Syed Farook .
The Catholic cardinals gathered in Rome voted Friday to begin the secret election , or conclave , to elect a new pope next Tuesday afternoon , the Vatican said .
One of the US Navy 's newest littoral combat ships ca n't catch a break .
There is still time for Puerto Ricans to get to a government-run shelter before powerful Hurricane Maria clobbers the island , Gov .	Ricardo Rosselló told CNN late Tuesday .
The deadly Ebola virus has been contracted by someone inside the United States for the first time .
Federal authorities have filed the first criminal charges in the investigation of the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , people briefed on the matter said .
Greg Mortenson , the high-profile advocate of girls ' education in Afghanistan and Pakistan , has been forced to defend his best-selling book `` Three Cups of Tea : One Man 's Mission to Fight Terrorism and Build Nations ...	One School at a Time , '' against charges that key stories in it are false .
For years , Rochelle Herman recorded conversations with Jared Fogle about his child pornography and helped bring down the former Subway pitchman , authorities say .
Three US soldiers -- Sgt .	Eric Houck , Sgt .	William Bays and Cpl .	Dillon Baldridge -- were killed while working with Afghanistan army , US officials told CNN .
`` Nostalgia '' led to guilty verdicts in the nation 's oldest cold case ever solved , according to the man serving a life sentence .
Queen Elizabeth has not attended a New Year 's Day church service as she continues to recover from a `` heavy cold , '' a Buckingham Palace spokesman says .
Police on Monday arrested the head of the defense team for the 21 women and girls sentenced for protesting in Egypt last month , a colleague told CNN .
Ri Jong Chol , the North Korean man held in connection with the death of Kim Jong Nam , left Sepang Police district headquarters in Malaysia Friday under heavy police escort .
( CNN )	-- Support for same-sex marriage has received a boost , according to a new CNN/Opinion Research survey released Tuesday .	The poll indicates that more than half of all Americans believe that marriages between gay or lesbian couples should be legally valid .
The Justice Department 's internal watchdog announced Wednesday it has launched a probe into the department and the FBI 's handling of FISA warrant applications
Newt Gingrich says the worst outcome for the country would be for House Republicans to give in to President Obama and the Democrats in the shutdown face-off .
Donald Trump challenged Hillary Clinton Sunday to release `` detailed medical records '' and said he would have `` no problem '' releasing his own .
Charges against the Mississippi man accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and other officials were dropped , a U.S. attorney said .
Jason Brian Dalton , the man who police say roamed Kalamazoo County gunning down random victims , appeared in court Monday to begin answering charges against him .
Primary care physicians will screen all adults for depression at least once if new recommendations by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force are followed .
The Senate Wednesday on a bipartisan vote cleared an overhaul of the controversial No Child Left Behind law ; President Barack Obama will sign it on Thursday
Chaos broke out at a zombie-themed street festival in downtown Fort Myers , Florida , after shooting left one man dead and five other people wounded .
Protesters poured onto the streets of New York late Wednesday , upset over a grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in the death of Eric Garner .
Herman Cain on Tuesday vehemently denied the latest sexual harassment allegations against him .
President-elect Donald Trump picked Linda McMahon , former CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment , to serve as the administrator of the Small Business Administration , his transition announced Wednesday .
More than 40 years after a serial murderer stalked San Francisco 's gay community , police say they 're homing in on a suspect .
( CNN ) --	Anthony Weiner , the embattled New York City mayoral candidate who admitted this week to sending raunchy chats to a young woman last summer , estimated Thursday he had online relationships with three different women after his 2011 resignation from Congress .
As flash floods ripped through Ellicott City , Angelina Brannigan was trapped inside her clothing boutique screaming for help .	Across the street , another woman heard her and called 911 .
The US military dropped America 's most powerful non-nuclear bomb on ISIS targets in Afghanistan Thursday , the first time this type of weapon has been used in battle , according to US officials .
A huge suicide bomb ripped through a secure area of Kabul at the height of the Wednesday morning rush hour , killing at least 90 people and wounding 400 , Afghan officials said .
Libya 's Abu Anas al Libi will likely be tried in U.S. court as Obama is trying to close Guantanamo Bay , not add prisoners , says CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin .
Joran van der Sloot on Friday asked for more time to `` reflect '' on what plea he will make during his murder trial .
Mark Judge has no memory of the alleged sexual assault committed by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh , he said in a letter Tuesday to the Senate Judiciary Committee .
A co-pilot smoking an electronic cigarette in the cockpit of an Air China flight caused the plane to suddenly drop 6,000 meters ( 19,600 feet ) when he mistakenly turned off its air conditioning system .
NEW YORK , Jan. 4 , 2018 –	The new CNN Original Series , The Radical Story of Patty Hearst , will debut Sunday , Feb. 11 with two back-to-back episodes at 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. ET/PT .
More than small 230 earthquakes have hit parts of Alaska since Friday , when a 7.0-magnitude tremor knocked out power , ripped open roads and splintered buildings near Anchorage .
A son fathered by Arnold Schwarzenegger with his housekeeper was born less than a week after Maria Shriver gave birth to another Schwarzenegger son , according to birth records obtained Wednesday by CNN .
Microsoft 's teen chat bot Tay spewed racist comments on Twitter	so the company shut her down after less than a day .
Missing plane Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was plunging toward the sea with no one in control when it made its last satellite communication , new analysis reveals .
A Texas grand jury did not return an indictment against a father who killed a man he found allegedly sexually abusing his daughter , officials said .
Solar panels and a solar hot water heater will soon be installed at the White House , Energy Secretary Steven Chu said Tuesday .
Husband of Farzana Parveen , who was stoned to death for refusing an arranged marriage , told CNN he killed his first wife so he could marry Parveen .
After winning the Florida primary , GOP presidential nominee hopeful Mitt Romney explains to CNN anchor Soledad O'Brien that he is focused on a particular portion of the American population in his campaign .	Romney says , `` I 'm not concerned about the very poor .	We have a safety net there .
A number of US athletes have spoken out against Donald Trump during his presidency -- and skier Lindsey Vonn has become the latest to have her say .
Editor 's note : Retired Gen. David Petraeus stepped down Friday as head of the Central Intelligence Agency -- 14 months after taking the job , days after the presidential election and days before he was to testify before Congress about an attack on a U.S .
Bill Clinton urged the international community to pressure President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to allow inspectors to verify his claims .
Coffee companies - Dunkin '	Donuts , Wawa , Krispy Kreme - are handing out free joe .	But not Starbucks .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions will soon make an announcement regarding stepped-up efforts on leak investigations , according to an official familiar with the plans .
Pope Francis called Donald Trump 's plan to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border `` not Christian . ''	His campaign responded : Does n't Vatican City have walls ?
A member of the 15-man team suspected in the death of Jamal Khashoggi dressed up in his clothes and was captured on surveillance cameras around Istanbul on the day the journalist was killed , a senior Turkish official has told CNN .
Updated 5:14 p.m . ET on 7/24 ( CNN ) -	Caroline Kennedy , the daughter of former President John F. Kennedy and a prominent Democratic backer , was nominated by President Barack Obama Wednesday to serve as U.S. ambassador to Japan .
Nearly five months since ABC 's much-publicized axing of its `` Roseanne '' revival , the network on Tuesday premiered `` The Conners , '' a half hour spin-off framed around the fictional family of Roseanne Conner .
Evacuations began for thousands of civilians and rebels from Syria 's eastern Aleppo on Thursday , but for many , fleeing their homes means leaving one war zone for another .
A study by Brown University 's Center for Alcohol and Addiction Studies may give pause to parents who let their kids sip their wine or beer .
New research shows an alarming rise in hard drinking and alcohol abuse , especially in women and older Americans .
The body an elderly Georgia woman who disappeared two weeks has been discovered in a lake , officials said .
A massive `` bombogenesis '' -- an area of rapidly declining low pressure -- will wreak havoc on the Northeast this week , threatening hurricane-force winter wind gusts and blinding snow .
A Georgetown University student was charged on Friday with possessing ricin after admitting he made the poison in his campus dorm room , a court document showed .
As police stood between opposing crowds , a crew lifted a statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis from its pedestal before dawn Thursday in New Orleans -- the latest in a contentious plan to dismantle four Confederate monuments in the city .
On Obama 's trade bill , President Barack Obama will travel to Capitol Hill to meet with Democrats to push for support on a vote related to trade authority .
Donald Trump said Wednesday he will meet with the National Rifle Association to discuss barring individuals on the terror watch list and `` no fly '' list from legally purchasing guns .
The same man who has killed seven people has struck again , Phoenix police said .
( CNN ) --	In a hearing Tuesday with the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , the director of the National Security Agency , Keith Alexander , said that since 9/11 , there have been more than 50 terror plots thwarted with the help of NSA surveillance programs .
Grayson Clamp is the first child in the United States to receive an auditory brain stem implant .
When a 10-year-old girl called the Marion , Ohio , PD for help with her math homework , a police lieutenant did n't hesitate .
After a fatal listeria outbreak prompted a nationwide recall , Blue Bell ice cream says better testing of its facilities turns up a potential listeria presence .
Family of Kendrick Johnson -- the teen found dead in his high school gym a year ago -- has filed a lawsuit against the funeral home that handled his remains .
Sometimes , it 's best to stick with the classics .
Former first lady Barbara Bush is in failing health , a source close to the Bush family tells CNN .
Captured	escapee David Sweat says he and Richard Matt conducted a practice run of their prison break the night before they disappeared , state official says .
Hillary Clinton , looking to stem a string of late-in-the-calendar wins by rival Bernie Sanders , is investing heavily in Kentucky ahead of its Tuesday primary .
At least 13 people were killed and dozens injured after a van rammed through crowds of people in the heart of Barcelona in attack Prime Minister calls 'jihadi terrorism ' .
Sources : Man shot by authorities in Boston had plotted to behead the president of a group that sponsored a Mohammed cartoon event in Texas .
Despite a positive public front , congressional Republicans are quietly voicing frustration that President Donald Trump 's big tax announcement Wednesday emanated from a disjointed process -- and lacked crucial components necessary in the push to secure the first major tax reform in more than 30 years .
GM 's self-driving vehicle team will need federal government approval to test the new car .
The US Olympic Committee 's CEO has asked all members of the USA Gymnastics board of directors to resign , according to a letter obtained by CNN .
When Sen. Bernie Sanders did this in 2013 , he did it alone .
Former NBA star Lamar Odom improved a `` tiny bit '' during his third night at a Las Vegas hospital , a source close to the situation said Friday .
Delray Beach , Florida ( CNN ) - President Barack Obama evaluated his debate performance on Tuesday , the morning after his last showdown with Gov .	Mitt Romney , and ramped up his `` Romnesia '' rhetoric , saying Romney 's performance Monday night put him at `` stage three .
Oracle is the latest technology company to face scrutiny from the U.S. government over its hiring practices .
Jennifer Aniston is n't pregnant -- but she is `` fed up '' with the constant media speculation and `` objectification '' about her personal life that has led to years of rampant rumors , she says in a new essay .
Piers Morgan interviewed former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf today for a program that airs later this week .	Musharraf responds to America 's raid that killed Osama bin Laden , and President Barack Obama 's comments this week that he would do the same thing again .
The Clinton Presidential Library released thousands of pages of documents that reference Elena Kagan , Mike Huckabee and a general 's remarks on gays .
Two Russian TU-95 `` Bear '' bombers were intercepted by US F-22 stealth fighters in international airspace off the coast of Alaska on Friday , according to North American Aerospace Defense Command .
A Trump administration letter requesting data from all 50 state 's voting rolls has put some states and voting rights advocates on edge
If you were wanting to escape the winter weather by hitting the warm beaches in Florida , you might want to steer clear of the water .
In a victory for same-sex marriage supporters , the United States Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) in a 5-to-4 decision .	The law had denied federal recognition to same-sex couples .	On the other side of the world , in China , the fight for gay rights is making progress .
A suburban Chicago police officer responding to a shooting Sunday at a bar killed a security guard who was just `` doing his job , '' an attorney for the slain man 's family said .
`` Saturday Night Live '' will go live coast-to-coast to wrap its season with hosts including Melissa McCarthy and Jimmy Fallon .
A short-fin male pilot whale has died in Southern Thailand after ingesting more than 17 lbs of plastic bags and packaging , a sobering casualty of the waste littering the world 's oceans .
Sen. Lindsey Graham says he 's never sent an email .
When five teenagers sat down and posed for a picture at Copco Lake in 1982 , they did n't plan on making it a tradition .	But that 's what it became .
Diamond Reynolds speaks out after her video of the aftermath of her fiancé 's killing reignited a debate on fatal police shootings of black men .
White House chief of staff John Kelly told Democratic lawmakers Wednesday that some of President Donald Trump 's positions as a candidate on the border wall were `` uninformed , '' sources told CNN .
Rates of HTLV-1 , an ancient virus called the cousin of HIV , are exceeding 40 % among adults in remote regions of central Australia .	Doctors are now raising alarm about this `` neglected '' infection .
Even during Tokyo 's notoriously hectic rush hour , dozens of commuters stopped to push a 32-ton train car out of the way .
Ben Carson is calling on the five Republican presidential candidates to all gather and bury their hatchets before Thursday night 's debate in Detroit .
A spacecraft created to detect the atmospheric gases of Mars blasted off into space Monday morning .
MSNBC 's Chris Matthews was caught on a hot mic commenting on Melania Trump 's `` runway walk '' during the network 's Indiana primary coverage .
Nine candidates will appear in prime-time Tuesday night for the final Republican presidential primary debate of 2015 , a critical event that will help shape the contest heading into the Iowa caucuses .
A bill banning piercing and tattooing of pets was unanimously passed by the New York Legislature .
The 104-year-old is due to end his life at a clinic in Switzerland on Thursday .	He told CNN he hoped his story would help lead to the legalization of assisted dying in other countries .
A veteran First Amendment lawyer says that CNN should sue the White House for revoking press access from reporter Jim Acosta .
President Barack Obama told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu	the United States would `` reassess '' aspects of its relationship with Israel after Netanyahu 's provocative statements leading up to Tuesday 's Israeli election .
An avalanche near McBride , British Columbia , has killed five people , according to Donita Cuzma of the British Columbia Coroners Service .
Ben Carson on Sunday continued to push back against journalists as he criticized recent scrutiny of his descriptions about his youth .
President-elect Donald Trump has chosen ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson to serve as secretary of state , the transition team announced Tuesday , setting up a heated Senate confirmation battle and signaling a desire to ease Washington 's estrangement with Russia .
There 's really only one big question hanging over President Obama 's weekend vacation to Panama City , Florida : Will he or wo n't he dive into the water to send a message that the Gulf Coast is back ?
A higher consumption of coffee is linked to a longer life , two new studies say , with the benefits applicable across multiple races .
Idaho State University has been fined after it lost track of a small amount of plutonium 239 , a substance used to make nuclear weapons .
( CNN )	-- White House mail handlers identified a `` suspicious substance '' -- possibly the poison ricin -- in a letter sent to President Barack Obama the same day a similar letter was found in a Senate mailroom , the Secret Service said Wednesday .
A man charged with kidnapping a Chinese graduate student `` explained the characteristics of his ideal victim '' and pointed out those in the crowd who matched them at a vigil he attended for the missing woman , a federal prosecutor said Wednesday .
California Gov .	Jerry Brown issued a state of emergency for Los Angeles County Sunday due to the ongoing La Tuna brush fire near Burbank , California .
Donald Trump on Wednesday asserted that the Democratic National Committee had n't been hacked at all -- and in fact conjured the story itself -- after the party 's research on Trump was purportedly sent to journalists by a hacker .
CIA Director John Brennan on Thursday defended harsh interrogation techniques as providing `` useful '' information to authorities , including in the raid that led to the death of Osama bin Laden .	But he said it is `` unknowable '' what information could specifically be attributed to those techniques .
They 're out in force , patrolling in jon boats , motorboats and even canoes through south Louisiana 's new , flood-made waterways , saving cats , dogs and people .
The Weinstein Company 's bankruptcy talk has been replaced by deal talk .
Donald Lee-Edwards was arrested this week and accused of impersonating a doctor for three years , perhaps providing mental health services to over 100 patients .
The Tennessee Valley Authority is celebrating an event 43 years in the making : the completion of the Watts Bar Nuclear Plant .
Paul Oliver , a former NFL player for the San Diego Chargers , was found dead Tuesday from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot , police in suburban Atlanta said .
If Marco Lavoie had not been rescued when he was , the Quebec man probably would have perished within 48 hours .
Washington ( CNN ) – In an interview with CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid accused House Speaker John Boehner of being more worried about his job than the country amid a government shutdown .
President Donald Trump and outgoing Sen. Bob Corker launched into a Twitter spat Sunday morning in a major public falling out , making the Tennessean the latest senior Republican lawmaker to openly criticize Trump over his statements online and off .
The son of top Donald Trump adviser and retired Army Lt.	Gen. Michael Flynn regularly shares conspiracy theories , expletive-filled posts , and racially insensitive sentiments on Twitter and Facebook , a CNN KFile review of his social media presence reveals .
A Chinese migrant worker with no college degree has found a solution to a complex math problem -- in what appears to be a real life version of hit movie `` Good Will Hunting . ''
An Ohio man is set to be put to death Thursday by a two-drug cocktail never before used in a U.S. execution .
According to the latest estimate by the Department of Housing and Urban Development there are more than 40,000 homeless veterans on any given night in America .
Dr. Thomas Frieden , former director of the CDC and former New York City health commissioner , was arrested Friday and charged with forcible touching , according to the New York Police Department .
Previous research suggested that cat ownership could be linked to certain mental disorders , like schizophrenia , but a new study found no link between the two .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer apologized Tuesday after saying Adolf Hitler `` did n't even sink to using chemical weapons '' during World War II in an effort to shame Russia 's alliance with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his use of chemical weapons .
A customer left bartender Christina Summitt a $ 1,000 tip to pay for her dog 's surgery .
Jay Z and Beyonce portray an outlaw couple in a `` trailer '' for their upcoming tour , which hit the Web on Saturday
A single mom in Texas dressed like a dad -- with a plaid shirt and fake mustache -- so her son would n't miss out on a Donuts with Dad event at school .
The father who lost track of his autistic son during a visit to a Gastonia , North Carolina , park said Wednesday he 's overwhelmed with guilt as the search for the boy enters day five .
Two children were killed in their Louisiana home while their mother was out getting her hair styled at a salon
Ted Cruz claimed a majority of delegates in North Dakota on Sunday -- though the delegates are not bound to him , so their loyalty remains uncertain .
Sen. Bernie Sanders said on Sunday that it is beyond his `` comprehension '' that the White House has not apologized in after a staffer mocked Sen. John McCain 's health , saying `` he 's dying anyway , '' in response to the senator 's opposition to President Donald Trump 's pick to lead the CIA , Gina Haspel .
The California Senate race between Democrats Kamala Harris and Loretta Sanchez is making history , as Republicans have been left out of the general election match-up for the first time thanks to the state 's `` jungle '' primary system .
As rebel and pro-government forces in Libya maneuvered on the battlefield Wednesday , Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi urged U.S. President Barack Obama to end the NATO bombing of his war-torn country .
Adam Gadahn was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda , speaking against his native country for a terrorist organization devoted to attacking it .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Former President Bill Clinton praised President Barack Obama 's decision making process in last year 's military raid that killed Osama bin Laden in a new web video out Friday by Obama 's re-election team .
Verdict in George Zimmerman trial sparks outrage in case that was racially charged from the start .
Hurricane Irma 's extraordinary strength has caused a seemingly unusual meteorological phenomena : the eerie pushing of water away from shorelines in the Bahamas and the Gulf Coast of Florida .
Brian Roberts , desperate to beat Disney to 21st Century Fox , is on the verge of maxing out Comcast 's credit cards .
Starbucks is under fire in China over how much it charges for coffee as a wave of criticism of Western companies ' business practice continues .
Texas authorities freed four men Friday who they said appeared to have been held captive in a north Houston home .
When Anthony Scaramucci was named White House communications director six days ago , three things were immediately clear : 1 )	He loved the media .	2 )	He loved to talk .	3 )	He speaks his mind .
A federal judge in California ruled Monday that Porsche Cars of North America is not at fault for the 2013 crash that killed actor Paul Walker .
The Supreme Court was the scene of an unusual disturbance during its public session on Wednesday , when a man interrupted an oral argument .
`` The Simpsons '' has been renewed for a historic 29th and 30th season by Fox .
While countless Houstonians are still waiting for rescue , Tropical Storm Harvey has inundated Port Arthur , Texas .
Mark Zuckerberg is finally breaking his silence about a data scandal engulfed Facebook .
Japan has finally made the possession of child pornography a punishable offense .
Key points of U.S. airstrikes on ISIS in Syria : Bombing focused on stronghold of Raqqa .	Attacks expected to continue .	Several Arab nations join effort .
Southern California motorists honked their horns cheerfully as authorities reopened 10 miles of the nation 's busiest highway
Mohammed Merah , 23 , suspected in seven recent killings , remained holed up Thursday in an apartment in the French city of Toulouse .
A 23-year-old gunman killed two co-workers Friday at a Pathmark supermarket in Old Bridge , New Jersey , and then shot himself to death , officials said .
President Barack Obama on Friday all but named Russian President Vladimir Putin as behind Moscow 's alleged attempts to meddle in the US election , vowing retaliation for the moves and defending himself against criticism his administration acted too slowly .
President Barack Obama declared Friday that his `` number one priority '' is preserving tax cuts for the middle class , and sharply denied that comments by his senior adviser David Axelrod suggest that his administration is about to cave in to Republicans who also want to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Congress is n't getting a glimpse of what 's on President Barack Obama 's Blackberry -- or any more internal White House communications related to the bankrupt solar company Solyndra , which received a $ 535 million loan guarantee from the federal government .
The 17 people who died in the duck boat tragedy last week in southwestern Missouri were not wearing life jackets when found , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Sunday .
By Barbara Starr	An Iranian fighter jet targeted an unarmed U.S .	Predator drone over the Persian Gulf this week , the Pentagon says .	It was the latest Iranian move aimed at thwarting American military airborne intelligence efforts in the region .
Midterms , look what you made Taylor Swift do .
Dennis Rodman 's latest trip to North Korea ends without meeting	Kim Jong Un but the former NBA star said the local players he trained are `` awesome . ''
Donald Trump says the fall debate schedule is `` unacceptable , '' raising the specter that he may try to skip them , which would be an unprecedented move by a party 's nominee .
Sebastian Gorka , a controversial national security aide in the White House , is expected to leave his job , several administration officials confirm to CNN .
An 11-year-old Bolivian water frog named Romeo has been looking for his `` Juliet '' for the past decade to save the Sehuencas water frog species .
President Barack Obama next week will become the first sitting President to visit a federal prison , the White House announced Friday .
Two members of an NPR news crew , David Gilkey and Zabihullah Tamanna , were killed on Sunday while traveling in southern Afghanistan .	Two other journalists were unharmed .
Contestants will also no longer be judged on their physical appearance , Miss America officials say .
Democrats say they are planning to look into a report about Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price taking five work-related trips on private jets
Minutes before Flight 9525 crashed , Capt .	Sondenheimer was pleading with his co-pilot to let him back into the cockpit , according to German newspaper Bild .
Media company IAC has `` parted ways '' with the company PR executive who tweeted : `` Going to Africa .	Hope I do n't get AIDS .	Just kidding .	I 'm white ! ''
Egypt 's banned Muslim Brotherhood will apply to become a political party , it announced Tuesday .
The U.S. military has pulled its remaining personnel out of Yemen due to the deteriorating security situation in that country .
The White House has assembled the paperwork to pardon dozens of people , two sources with knowledge of the developments tell CNN , signaling that President Donald Trump is poised to exert his constitutional power and intervene , in some instances , where he believes the Justice Department has overstepped .
NBA legend Magic Johnson said Tuesday he is going to pray for Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling , who slammed him in an interview with CNN a day earlier .
A new CNN/ORC poll finds that although misperceptions about Barack Obama 's religious beliefs and background persist , they are not as widespread .
Two former friends of Sen. John McCain say his daughter Meghan McCain 's pointed criticism of President Donald Trump in her speech at the Arizona Republican 's memorial service on Saturday reflected the character of her late father .
Chavez 's death leaves many unanswered questions that Venezuela and the world now grapple with .
Green Mountain Falls , Colorado , no longer has police officers patroling its streets .	The entire force quit this month .
A member of the House Committee on Science , Space and Technology evinced skepticism about climate change during an exchange with a witness about rising sea levels .
Norwegian speaks out after being handed a 16-month prison sentence in Dubai -- after she went to police to report she had been raped .
The latest chapter in Amanda Knox 's long legal battle begins Monday in Florence with a retrial over the 2007 killing of her British roommate Meredith Kercher
Michael Flynn tendered his resignation as national security adviser on Monday night , creating an opening in one of the most important positions in the White House .
For months , 20-year-old Christopher Lee Cornell had been on the FBI 's radar .	It says his partner in a plot to attack the Capitol was an informant .
If Newt Gingrich ca n't win Alabama and Mississippi , where can he win ?
Washington ( CNN ) - Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada became the latest Republican in a tight race of his own to distance himself from Mitt Romney 's caught-on-tape comments writing off , and dismissing , 47 % of Americans who will support President Barack Obama `` no matter what .
Fox News on Friday announced that it had fired `` The Five '' co-host Bob Beckel for a remark he made to an employee of color .
The Statue of Liberty , the Grand Canyon and Mount Rushmore have found a way around government shutdown for now and will reopen with the help of state funding .
Germ-free childhoods followed by infections later in life can trigger the onset of childhood leukemia , a new analysis suggests .
The world 's biggest shipping company plans to send a container vessel from East Asia to Europe via the Arctic Ocean for the first time .
House Speaker Paul Ryan sent a letter to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper Wednesday requesting he deny any classified information to Hillary Clinton for the rest of the 2016 campaign .
A baby born prematurely to an Israeli mother who was wounded in a drive-by shooting in the West Bank has died , a Jerusalem hospital said in a statement Wednesday evening .
About 4.7 million Graco and Century-branded strollers are recalled after 11 reports of full or partial fingertip amputations and a laceration are made .
Stephen Brumby 's father says he accepts full responsibility for accidentally shooting his 14-year-old son at a gun range in Sarasota , Florida .
President Barack Obama has long made clear he wants action on climate change to be part of his legacy , and Tuesday in Paris he raised the stakes .
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo declared a new outbreak of Ebola hemorrhagic fever , a rare and deadly disease , the World Health Organization reported .
Two prisoners involved in the fatal shootings of two corrections officers on a bus Tuesday morning in central Georgia apparently have ditched their prison uniforms for stolen clothes .
A bus carrying Togo 's national soccer team to a tournament in Angola came under fire Friday , and Togolese officials said they were weighing whether to pull out of the prestigious Africa Cup of Nations , which starts Sunday .
An Egyptian who was once a Special Forces officer has been chosen `` caretaker '' leader of al Qaeda in the wake of Osama bin Laden 's death , according to a source with detailed knowledge of the group 's inner workings .
Donald Trump said in a 2004 interview with Howard Stern about Lindsay Lohan that `` deeply troubled ''	women are `` always the best in bed , '' according to a CNN KFile review of the appearance .
President Donald Trump commuted the sentence of a man eight years into a 27-year term for bank fraud , the White House said Wednesday afternoon .
NASA is going to Mars again , this time with the first spaceship dedicated to digging deep below the surface to find out what 's shaking on the red planet .
Alec Baldwin is about to make your television great again .
Sen. John McCain announced Friday in a statement that he can not `` in good conscience '' vote for the GOP 's latest plan to overhaul Obamacare , likely ending Republicans ' latest effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Black Friday foot traffic rises 3.5 % from last year , according to ShopperTrak .	But sales are down , possibly taken by the early openings on Thanksgiving
Will Smith , a former defensive end , is shot dead in an apparent traffic altercation .	His wife was injured .	Cardell Hayes , 28 , is accused of second-degree murder .
Six current and former Michigan state employees were charged Friday in connection with the Flint water crisis , according to a source close to the investigation .
Iran vowed Thursday it would not bow to threats from the United States and would continue its missile activity .
Here 's how topsy-turvy the Republican presidential race is becoming : The two candidates on top of the field are former Democrats .
Washington ( CNN ) -- The Supreme Court has again rejected an appeal from a `` birther '' proponent questioning the citizenship of President Barack Obama .	The justices Monday turned aside without comment a request for a rehearing of various claims , after dismissing the original appeal in late January .
A plan to cut cash out of shopping might see Denmark become the first country to ditch notes and coins altogether .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of intentionally setting a huge fire that brought down part of an elevated interstate highway in Atlanta , a collapse that is expected to complicate traffic for months in one of the nation 's most congested cities .
Former NFL star Darren Sharper , wanted in New Orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women , has turned himself in to Los Angeles authorities .
Robert Creamer , an operative who was helping the Democratic National Committee with Hillary Clinton 's campaign , stepped down from his position at Democracy Partners on Tuesday after a video suggested that he and other operatives hired people to attend Donald Trump 's campaign rallies and incite violence .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Secretary of Labor Hilda L. Solis resigned her post Wednesday , offering no specific reason but that she `` enjoyed my first opportunity in years to reflect on the past and my future '' over the holidays .
In foreign policy speech , he tagged his approach `` America First , '' a name used by isolationist , anti-Semitic group that once urged U.S. to appease Adolf Hitler .
Roseanne Barr revealed that she begged ABC executives to keep her show on the air before the network canceled its hit sitcom , `` Roseanne . ''
The U.S. Coast Guard is suspending its search off the California coast for a distressed 29-foot sailboat that was carrying a couple and two children , and explained the incident is `` possibly a hoax , '' Cmdr .	Don Montoro said Tuesday .
The world is finally hearing from Kim Kardashian West about what she went through when she was robbed in Paris .
President-elect Donald Trump lashed out Wednesday at a union leader who has criticized Trump 's Carrier job deal as a promise `` half-way delivered . ''
One day after she announced her support for Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul on Twitter , sales of pop singer Kelly Clarkson 's most recent album were surging Friday on Amazon.com .
U.S. Rep. Loretta Sanchez apologizes for her ad lib 'Indian war cry ' that many found ethnically offensive and sent her running away from a reporter .
Fox News has a new CEO , Suzanne Scott , marking the first time a woman has run the cable news network .	She will report to Rupert and Lachlan Murdoch .
NATO 's secretary general condemns the violation of Turkish airspace by Russian planes .
Washington ( CNN ) - The first congressional hearing on gun violence since the Newtown school massacre occurred Wednesday .	Highlights of testimony from both sides of the debate are below .	1:53 p.m . ET -- Sen .
Actor Sean Penn interviewed Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman for Rolling Stone magazine while Guzman was on the run after his prison escape in Mexico .
McDonald 's shuts down employee resource site for `` maintenance '' after it advises workers that fast food is unhealthy .
The U.S. military diverted two aircraft over Syria to ensure they could maintain a safe flying distance from a Russian fighter aircraft in the same area , according to Captain Jeff Davis , Pentagon spokesman .
Editor 's note : Former Penn State football coach Jerry Sandusky will likely spend the rest of his life in prison , after a judge handed down a prison sentence Tuesday for his convictions on child sexual abuse charges .
The Daily Mail has apologized to Melania Trump and agreed to pay damages over a story that made false claims about her work as a professional model .
The U.S. military is forming a 30-person `` quick strike team '' equipped to provide direct treatment to Ebola patients inside the United States .
Texas has created thousands of jobs under Governor Rick Perry .	But that 's still not enough to handle the state 's skyrocketing labor force .
British stocks took a sharp fall after the country voted to leave the European Union , but then posted a surprise rebound .
Rebecca Lewis , a 4-year-old whose abduction from her Lakeland , Florida , home set off Amber Alerts in five states , has been found and is safe , police say .
Global health experts declare the Ebola epidemic ravaging West Africa an international health emergency that requires a coordinated global approach .
House Speaker Paul Ryan is ruling out a future presidential bid , saying 2016 would have been the year for him to have sought the Oval Office .
Vladimir Putin said Friday that Moscow will not expel American diplomats in response to US sanctions against Russia .
Park rangers spent Sunday searching for a teenage swimmer who was swept over a nearly 600-foot waterfall in California 's Yosemite National Park .
Lakers star Kobe Bryant will be out for six to nine months after rupturing his Achilles tendon .
Ben Carson spent much of Friday aggressively rebutting media reports about his past -- a striking departure from the mellow personality he has displayed on the campaign trail .
The lawyer for the neighborhood watch leader who fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , said Thursday that his client has received about $ 200,000 from supporters .
Yei Yang , maimed by an unexploded bomb , lives with the horrific legacy of America 's secret war in Laos .
The Golden Eagle , a Maltese eagle statue made of 18 pounds of pure gold , covered in 763 diamonds and valued around $ 6.8 million , was taken in street robbery .
A Florida exterminator and father of four children adopted from Florida 's foster care system has told police that a body found in the pest-control truck he was driving is one of them -- his 10-year-old daughter , authorities said Wednesday .
Newly-released videos from four police cars at the scene of Laquan McDonald 's shooting are providing additional details on the killing of the 17-year-old in Chicago last year .
The U.S. military has doubled the number of aircraft standing by in Italy if needed to evacuate Americans from the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , Libya
Energized by dryness and strong winds , a Los Angeles area wildfire raged for a second day , growing to 28,000 acres and threatening 4,000 homes .
The US military will hand over a 9,909 acres ( 4,000 hectares ) of land to Japan on Thursday in what 's lauded as the largest return of US-occupied land since 1972 .
China has released hundreds of high-resolution photos taken by its Chang ' e-3 lunar lander and rover , showing the moon 's surface in vivid detail .
A man being held by Houston police on an unrelated murder charge is also a person of interest in the shooting of a judge near Austin , Texas , police say .
Seven bodies have been recovered from near a cold storage facility at a Karachi airport Tuesday morning
Cartel chief Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman was arrested overnight in Mexico , a U.S. official told CNN Saturday .
At least 45 women and children were killed in the Syrian city of Homs late Sunday , opposition activists said .
This year is on track to be the worst for measles in more than a decade , according to new numbers released Thursday by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .	And people who refuse to vaccinate their children are behind the increasing number of outbreaks , health officials say .
Rudy Giuliani , who served as mayor of New York City during 9/11 , claimed Monday that there had not been `` any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States '' in the eight years before President Barack Obama took office .
Tyler Perry is spreading holiday cheer in his city of Atlanta .	Perry shared a video on Twitter announcing that he paid off all the layaways at two Walmart stores on Thursday .
Starbucks is building a 20,000 square foot Roastery in Manhattan .
Comedian Bill Maher apologized Saturday for using a racial slur during an interview the night before with Republican Sen. Ben Sasse of Nebraska on his HBO show .
Puerto Rico 's governor has ordered a re-examination of deaths related to Hurricane Maria after investigations into the official toll by CNN and other news organizations .	But the US territory faces a major challenge : `` The bodies have been buried , '' one expert says .
Police are still looking for a suspect in Friday night 's shooting near the White House and Washington Monument .
American Pharoah has a combination of good blood lines and on-track success necessary to capture top dollars in stud fees .
Many of Congo 's rape survivors took to the streets Sunday to speak out against sexual violence in a country where it has become a weapon of war .
A beloved high school teacher whose students gathered outside his window to serenade him has died after a battle with cancer .
The engineer of the Amtrak train that crashed in Philadelphia does n't remember what happened because of a concussion , his lawyer says .
Brian Williams has broken his silence in an interview with Matt Lauer , marking the beginning of a comeback attempt by the suspended `` Nightly News '' anchor .
North Korea 's firing of a ballistic missile over Japan increases the likelihood of more sanctions on the regime 's foreign trade , experts say .
No .	If anything , it was a faulty charger .	But Apple has promised to investigate her death .	Ma Ailun .	Photos : @	Stewardess network FORTUNE --	The news first appeared on the Chinese microblogging site Weibo , posted
LeBron James says his passion is telling stories .
Not yet a hurricane , Tropical Storm Isaac has already delivered shock waves from the Caribbean to Florida .
The deadly siege of a central Sydney cafe has ended but the investigation is just beginning .
Panicked crowds pushed toward the exits as fire swept through a packed nightclub in southern Brazil early Sunday .	At least 233 people were killed .
Palestinian and Israeli authorities have agreed to a truce and to stop all military operations , an Egyptian intelligence official told CNN .
The body of missing American Aaron Sofer was found in a Jerusalem-area forest , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said Thursday .
China has announced plans to put tariffs of up to 25 % on US imports worth $ 60 billion .
Its employees are still cleaning up the mess created by Tuesday 's server meltdown Visitors to AT & T 's ( T ) website	trying to pre-order an iPhone 4 Wednesday morning got the message posted at right :
Clinton and Sanders both criticized Trump after a string of violent incidents at his rallies and discussed their strategies for defeating him in a wide-ranging town hall Sunday night
Chafee launched his presidential bid on a platform of what he called `` bold '' ideas , but few are as bold as his proposal to switch to the metric system .
Federal terrorism charges against Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev could be filed soon , a Justice Department official told CNN .
Avalanches have blocked the only highway to Valdez , Alaska , cutting off all motor traffic to the coastal town of about 4,000 .
Fortune\ 's tech blog provides technology news and analysis on Silicon Valley ’	s tech giants like Apple , Google , Microsoft , Facebook and more , as well as full coverage on its annual Brainstorm Tech conference .
Experts say the storm heading for the Texas coast could cause drivers to pay a little bit more at the pump .
A grand jury indicts Officer Randall Kerrick on a charge of voluntary manslaughter in the death of Jonathan Ferrell , the state attorney general says .
More than $ 800,000 in cash , 30 firearms and fake IDs were found at the Santa Monica , California , apartment of fugitive mobster James	`` Whitey '' Bulger , who will be taken to Boston to face a string of charges , including multiple murders , the FBI said Thursday .
San Francisco and Berkeley officials are urging residents and the public to stay away from two controversial rallies scheduled for this weekend .
Calling him a dangerous predator , a judge on Friday sentenced the man convicted of killing Washington intern Chandra Levy to 60 years in prison .
A Mexican man was sentenced Monday to 30 years ' imprisonment in a border agent 's 2010 shooting death linked to the federal government 's `` Fast and Furious '' gun-tracking operation , according to a spokesperson for the U.S. District Court in Tucson .
The Algerian military operation to end a deadly hostage crisis at a remote gas plant in Algeria is over , British and Norwegian officials said Saturday .
A seal narrowly escaped being eaten by some hungry killer whales on Monday .
Pro-democracy demonstrators marched in Benghazi and overtook the headquarters of a group tied to an attack on the U.S. consulate .
President Donald Trump 's public feud with a top Republican on Capitol Hill has entered the name-calling phase .
President Donald Trump on Wednesday unveiled a Republican framework for tax reform that calls for sweeping tax cuts and a simplification of the tax code , framing the effort in a speech as a historic opportunity .
Four days after he was killed , CNN found a journal belonging to late U.S .	Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens .
A nurse quarantined against her will in New Jersey after treating Ebola patients wo n't heed Maine officials ' instructions to seclude herself , a lawyer says .
James DiMaggio 's family wants DNA samples from the family of Hannah Anderson , the girl he allegedly abducted and whose mom and brother were found dead .
GE chief executive Jeff Immelt said anyone that joins the company in their 20s will learn to code .
Dalton Prager , the husband from the reali-life `` Fault in Our Stars '' couple , died Saturday in St. Louis .	He was 25 .	His wife , Katie Prager , remains in hospice care in Kentucky .
Ashley Madison has a Privacy Policy and Terms of Service that will make you cringe .
Papa John 's has issued a scorching condemnation of its founder .
Sen. Marco Rubio has fired his chief of staff over `` allegations of improper conduct '' with a subordinate , his office announced late Saturday night .
In an essay to mark International Holocaust Remembrance Day , Anne Frank 's stepsister accused Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump of `` acting like another Hitler . ''
Executives at Google have responded to a manifesto by one of its male engineers that argues women are ill-suited for tech jobs due to `` biological '' reasons .
A Virginia man is charged with assault with a deadly weapon after a guard was wounded at the Family Research Council in Washington .
The risk of dying from cervical cancer is 77 % higher for black women and 47 % higher for white women than previously thought , according to a new study .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani addressed the country Sunday night after several days of anti-government protests that have rocked the nation .
A fugitive tried to steal a plane plane in Utah but apparently committed suicide before getting airborne , a law enforcement official said .
Mark Zuckerberg has finally broken his silence on Peter Thiel .
ISIS released video Wednesday showing the beheading of a man it says was a Russian spy , as well as a message threatening Russian citizens .
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he holds his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin personally responsible for Moscow 's attempts to interfere in the 2016 US election .
Activists dismayed by the police killing of an unarmed black man in El Cajon , California , demand that authorities release video of the shooting and call for a federal probe .
The revolving door of USA Gymnastics ' top leadership keeps spinning as the organization struggles to recover from the Larry Nassar scandal .
Lawyers for Donald Trump have called on The New York Times to retract a bombshell report in which two women claimed that Trump had touched them inappropriately .
The Vatican rejects claims that Pope Francis failed to protect two fellow Jesuit priests who were kidnapped during Argentina 's military dictatorship .
Kathleen Parker , the Pulitzer-Prize winning journalist who co-hosted CNN 's 8 p.m. show , is leaving just five months after the show debuted , the company announced Friday .
Investors and customers are not lovin '	McDonald 's as much as they used to .	Could everyone 's favorite hipster vegetable help	McDonald 's get back on track with younger consumers and Wall Street ?
A new possibility for a diplomatic solution in the standoff between Syria and the United States surfaced unexpectedly Monday as the war-torn country said it supported a proposal to hand over control of its chemical weapons .
Stephen Port , a serial killer who drugged and murdered four men he met on gay dating sites has been jailed for life .
President Donald Trump released a 98-page financial disclosure form Friday detailing the broad outlines of his wealth but still leaving unanswered questions .
In at least one big and bruising culture-war battle , the Mormon church wants to call a partial truce .
Almost two years after the death of Prince , the singer 's estate is unearthing and sharing a previously unheard recording of `` Nothing Compares 2 U . ''
Ohio Gov .	John Kasich still is n't ready to support Donald Trump for president -- but he confirmed that one of his aides was contacted about possibly joining the real estate mogul 's ticket as his vice president .
Three Americans detained in North Korea spoke out about their conditions and pleaded for U.S. help in interviews with CNN .
Three attacks in 12 hours -- explosions on New York and New Jersey streets and a stabbing spree in a Minnesota mall -- combined for tumultuous weekend , afflicting injury and moments of alarm and leaving investigators scrambling for answers .
First it was the Playboy mansion , and now there 's a for sale sign in front of the whole company .
After nearly four hours of deliberation , a jury ruled in favor of pop star Taylor Swift in her countersuit against former radio host David Mueller for alleged assault and battery .
Former Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill said in an interview with The Washington Post that he was the one who fired the final shot to kill Osama bin Laden in 2011 .
A prominent Hong Kong academic was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of murdering his wife and stuffing her body into a suitcase .
A cross-border raid by U.S. and Mexican law enforcement officials resulted in the arrest of 24 Sinaloa cartel members , authorities said .
Officials in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , are seeking a man suspected in the deaths of six people at three sites near Philadelphia on Monday .
American Airlines said it was `` working diligently to address the issue and expect to avoid cancellations this holiday season . ''
Kidnapped by Boko Haram militants in Nigeria in 2014 , a video appears to show the infamous Chibok girls alive -- but no nearer to freedom two years on .
President Donald Trump 's warning on Wednesday morning that US missiles `` will be coming '' to Syria was notable not only for its military and geopolitical implications , but because he tipped off US plans in exactly the same manner for which he 's criticized his predecessor .
O.J .	Simpson could get out of prison later this year , if a pivotal parole hearing goes his way .
The San Francisco 49ers released linebacker Reuben Foster on Sunday morning , hours after he was arrested on a domestic violence charge at a hotel in Tampa , Florida .
Washington ( CNN ) -- New poll numbers out Wednesday from three key battleground states underscore the danger of that leaked fundraising video for Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign .
Michael Boatwright , 61 , does n't remember his past in America , and has gone to live in Sweden to rebuild his life .
Vice President Joe Biden said Monday he might not be going anywhere just yet , leaving the door open to a presidential run in 2020 .
Sen. Lindsey Graham will propose a measure to pull US funding for the United Nations unless the UN Security Council repeals the resolution it passed condemning Israeli settlements .
Investigators this week tried to simulate the heat inside the car that killed a Georgia toddler .
`` This was n't for us .	This was for the 17 victims , '' senior Matthew Horowitz said .
Retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens suggested Thursday he believes Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh should not sit on the nation 's highest court .
A wedding in Afghanistan turned deadly Sunday night when gunfire broke out , killing 21 people , an Afghan official said .
Tensions in Ukraine escalate , with Russia embarking on military drills near the border after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants .
Dozens of concertgoers were hospitalized during a show by superstar DJ Avicii in Boston on Wednesday night , CNN affiliates reported .
Editor 's Note :	Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three others were killed at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi .	This story is continuing to develop .	Follow along below for our continued coverage of the attacks , reaction and what impact it will have .	For coverage in Arabic , please visit CNN Arabic .
Lisa Suarez 's voice breaks as she stands in the snow outside London 's Heathrow airport , unable to get a flight home to Dallas , Texas .
Alex Trebek , longtime host of the television quiz show `` Jeopardy , '' was injured while chasing a burglar out of his hotel room early Tuesday .
Rescuers are no longer searching for anyone else in the wreckage of a hotel engulfed by an avalanche last week , Italy 's Civil Protection Department said , leaving the final death toll at 29 .
Firefighters exposed to toxic dust and fumes clogging the air after the World Trade Center towers collapsed 10 years ago are more likely to develop cancer , according to a new study .
Tampa police released a new video on Thursday showing a `` person of interest '' seen running away from the first of three recent homicides that have baffled investigators and prompted fears of a serial killer .
The BauBax travel jacket , with 15 built-in features , catapults into 4th most-funded campaign on Kickstarter .
Pizza giant Papa John 's could owe $ 250 million in a class-action lawsuit over spam text messages that the chain sent following deliveries .
Sen. Bernie Sanders ' presidential campaign was struck with a setback on Wednesday when it was suspended from DNC voter files .
A Chinese kindergarten principal has been fired after she welcomed students back to school at the beginning of term with a pole dancing display .
A court has stayed the Texas execution of a convicted murderer , saying the defense team should have more time to make their case he is intellectually disabled .
HP 's board of directors could have taken the easy way .	It could have named a CEO with a proven track record of growth or innovation .	Experience that spanned the bulk of HP 's revenue base would have been a plus too .
Clif and Kashi bars are added to the list of products recalled because they contain sunflower kernels that may be contaminated with listeria .
Despite two intense days of searching , still no sign of a Malaysia Airlines flight that went missing .
Donald Trump sparred with Stephen Colbert on `` Late Show '' Tuesday night .
The Russian space agency on Monday postponed the launch of a new manned mission to the International Space Station due to last week 's accident in which an unmanned cargo craft was lost , the state news agency RIA Novosti reported .
Baylor University Medical Center announced it has performed the first living donor uterus transplants in the United States .
Rebels set their sights on Syria 's capital , Damascus , on Friday as diplomats went into high gear amid concerns about chemical weapons .
The Syrian government launched a major military operation Monday , sending thousands of troops into the town where the country 's uprising began to carry out what witnesses described as a brutal , wider-scale crackdown .
Polar bears are starving and could face extinction faster than previously thought , according to a new study .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign has turned to the young girl featured in the iconic 1964 `` Daisy '' ad in order to question Donald Trump 's ability to handle nuclear weapons .
A hospital ship deployed as part of federal response to Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico is waiting .	But hospitals that are overwhelmed with patients and staff say they do n't even know how to begin sending people to the Comfort .
Protesters greeted white supremacist leader Richard Spencer with loud boos and chants of `` Go home Spencer '' during his speech Thursday afternoon at the University of Florida in Gainesville .
McDonald 's has been testing an all-day breakfast menu in several markets for months .	Now it has said when the change will go nationwide : October 6 .
Talk of a potential `` Rexit '' for Tillerson , a `` chill '' across the White House and new tests for the President on immigration and tax reform .	It 's all in today 's Forecast .
Barnes & Noble pursues partnership to help produce Nook tablets .
An analyst forecasts Netflix 's streaming content costs will rise from $ 180 million in 2010 to a whopping $ 1.98 billion in 2012 .
Amy Bass says soccer , the world 's most popular sport , drew intense interest , even in the U.S .
'Mowgli : Legend of the Jungle ' review : Andy Serkis opens new , darker motion-capture chapter in 'Jungle Book ' saga , with Christian Bale , Benedict Cumberbatch
White House aides realized earlier on that they could not stop President Donald Trump from tearing up papers he must preserve to stay in line with the Presidential Records Act , Politico reported Sunday , citing people familiar with the practice .
Wolf Blitzer and Piers Morgan spoke with former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , after the polls in Iowa closed .	Please credit all usage of the interview to CNN Highlight from	Full Interview Transcript THIS IS A RUSH FDCH TRANSCRIPT .
Desiree Linden became the first American woman to win the Boston Marathon race since 1985 .	What was more shocking , though , was the runner-up , Sarah Sellers .
For the first time in the organization 's history , Miss America will be led entirely by women -- and they 're all former pageant winners .
As President Donald Trump celebrated what he called a `` tremendous '' first day in Saudi Arabia , his onetime campaign adviser and longtime confidante Roger Stone expressed nothing but aversion for the Gulf nation and parts of the President 's trip .
A Louisiana judge released body cam video Wednesday showing officers firing multiple rounds into a car , unknowingly striking and killing a 6-year-old boy .
The House voted Tuesday to adopt the North American bison as the national mammal of the United States , bringing the animal one step closer to recognition .
Months after pickup trucks waving Confederate flags rumbled past a party in Douglasville , Georgia , a grand jury accuses group members of terroristic threats .
Rescue teams are expected to resume their search for hundreds of missing ferry passengers Friday , after a dangerously overcrowded boat capsized on Lake Victoria in Tanzania 's north .
Award-winning U.S. singer Chris Brown has been barred from leaving the Philippines because of a contract dispute , official media reported Wednesday .
Two women from Hawaii who were lost at sea for nearly five months have been rescued by the US Navy .
Amazon announced that it plans to create more than 100,000 new full-time jobs in the U.S. in the next 18 months .
A security threat to an American Airlines plane in San Francisco Thursday was deemed `` non-credible , '' according to the San Francisco Police Department and other law enforcement agencies .
Dubai 's Al Maktoum International Airport is expected to become the world 's largest airport upon completion in 2027 .
The city of Cleveland will pay $ 6 million to settle the federal lawsuit filed by the family of Tamir Rice , the 12-year-old boy killed by police .
A Delaware father is in stable condition and his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick on vacation -- maybe from pesticide exposure .
In his closed interview with the Senate intelligence committee staff , Jared Kushner did not share the existence of his personal email account , CNN has learned .
Hundreds of people , including a prominent opposition figure , were arrested in Moscow Sunday for participating in unauthorized protests , according to state media and a human rights group .
President Donald Trump will nominate Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , Trump announced Tuesday night at the White House .
The embattled Japanese automaker admits to rigging fuel efficiency tests for the past quarter century , sending its shares crashing to a new record low .
( CNN ) --	Illinois state Rep. Robin Kelly , who was boosted by support from New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , won a primary election in Chicago Tuesday , putting her closer to filling the vacant seat previously held by disgraced former Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr .
A controversial referendum on Catalonia 's future as part of Spain has again been put on hold by a court , just days before the planned vote on Sunday .
President Donald Trump departs for a 17-day `` working vacation '' at his golf club in Bedminster , New Jersey , on Friday , and while he 's gone , the White House is getting some TLC .
Li Hejun lost $ 15 billion on Wednesday when shares in his solar firm Hanergy plummeted 47 % in Hong Kong trading in about an hour .
Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich on Saturday defended his controversial remark about an `` invented Palestinian people '' despite harsh criticism .
The family of a Mexican man fatally shot by police in Pasco , Washington , files a $ 25 million claim .
A 2-year-old is dead after being snatched by a gator at a Disney Resort .	How could this happen ?
A commuter train derailed in a curve in the New York borough of the Bronx on Sunday , killing four people and leaving dozens hurt , investigators said .
An electrical fire on board a Boeing Dreamliner caused the plane to lose primary electrical power during a test flight Tuesday , the company said .
The Boy Scouts of America announced Monday that it 's lifting the ban on gay adults as Scout leaders .
In a sting operation , the FBI has arrested at least six men in what officials called an ISIS-inspired terror plot .
A patient in need of medical care was en route Thursday from a research station in Antarctica to Christchurch , New Zealand .
Floridians began a mass exodus on Thursday as Hurricane Irma , the powerful Category 5 storm , plowed through the Caribbean toward the Sunshine State .
An underwater explorer who says he 's confident he 's discovered the Santa Maria , Christopher Columbus ' flagship , said there 's evidence the ship has been looted .
It 's a determined effort , but there have been few headlines so far in the underwater search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 .
`` We are over it , '' said Shay Shay and BiGG at station 105.1 The Bounce .
Apple 's new book , `` Designed by Apple in California '' begins with the 1998 iMac and ends with the 2015 Apple Pencil .
A vacant building being demolished collapsed onto a thrift store in Philadelphia , killing one person .
Understanding how lava will behave once it erupts is my focus and passion , writes volcanologist Einat Lev , and the current eruption is an opportunity to apply what we know to help a community handle an emerging disaster as it unfolds .
Delta State University history professor Ethan Schmidt was shot and killed in his office .	Police say Shannon Lamb , a school employee , is a suspect .
Mohammed Abu Khedair , a Palestinian teenager killed in Jerusalem , died from being burned alive and hit with a blunt object to the head , autopsy reveals .
James Comey found out he had been fired as FBI director just like the rest of us : By watching it on television .
( CNN ) --	Chris Christie says that limiting campaign donations is `` ridiculous , '' and is calling for a 48-hour reporting period for disclosing contributions .
The author of the new book , `` The Trump White House :	Changing the rules of the game , , claims among other things , that White House counselor Kellyanne Conway is the `` number one leaker '' in President Donald Trump 's White House .
A CNN correspondent on Monday angrily rejected a report by the Fox network that he and other journalists were used as human shields by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to prevent a missile attack on his compound .
Mainak Sarkar , the gunman who opened fire in a murder-suicide at UCLA , left behind a trail of evidence that led investigators to another victim .
( CNN ) --	Gen. Colin Powell said Wednesday on CNN 's `` The Situation Room '' that he supports legal same-sex marriage , either at the state or federal level .	`` I have no problem with it , '' he said in the interview , which will air at 5 p.m . ET .
A Massachusetts grand jury Thursday indicted 14-year-old Philip Chism on charges of murder , aggravated rape and armed robbery in connection with last month 's slaying of his algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer , according to the Essex district attorney .
Ryan Keith Taylor , 24 , produced and detonated a chlorine bomb near Fort Polk in 2017 .
Tropical Storm Andrea is expected to drench the East Coast with heavy rains Friday as its strength weakens .
Senate Democrats voted for a fourth time to reject a House GOP spending plan that sought to undermine Obamacare .
Two counselors at an addiction facility in southeastern Pennsylvania died after overdosing on opioids , according to the Chester County District Attorney .
The United Nations Security Council approved imposing new sanctions on North Korea for its continued ICBM testing and violations of UN resolutions .
A claim of responsibility Sunday for bombings in the Russian city of Volgograd also threatens `` a present '' for visitors to the Winter Olympics in Sochi .
As of Monday night , there were zero town police officers working to serve the town of Blandford , Massachusetts .	A mass resignation occurred after they claimed to have endured unsafe working conditions .
Jacob Zuma has quit as President of South Africa , finally succumbing to a slew of corruption scandals that have drained support from his ruling ANC party .
( CNN ) --	A new poll released Monday indicates President Barack Obama has expanded his margin over Mitt Romney in New Hampshire and now leads his Republican opponent by 15 points .
Trump and Romney may discuss a possible cabinet post .	Trump is meeting Thursday with Japanese PM Shinzo Abe as well
Arizona Gov .	Jan Brewer signed emergency legislation Tuesday that bars protests within 300 feet of a funeral and within an hour from its beginning or end .
President Obama said Sunday his administration has mounted a `` relentless response '' to the oil spill unleashed by the sinking of an offshore drill rig in the Gulf of Mexico .
A top adviser to Donald Trump apologized Tuesday for comments he made in an explosive interview while defending the Republican presidential candidate .
President Obama says the rest of his presidency is about creating equal opportunity for all Americans .
Spike Lee apologizes after retweeting a message that lists Florida couple 's address as belonging to George Zimmerman .
Donald Trump praised Carrier 's decision to invest $ 16 million in Indiana plant , but the investment will be in automation that will reduce the number of jobs saved .
Europe 's top court has ruled that employers can ban their staff from wearing a headscarf .
Ireland lawmakers rush to close a loophole that made it legal to possess Ecstasy , crystal meth , ketamine , magic mushrooms and other recreational drugs .
Bernie Sanders is standing by his criticism that Hillary Clinton is n't `` qualified '' to be president as the Democratic presidential candidates engage in an increasingly heated battle ahead of the New York primary .
John Russell `` Rusty '' Houser , the Lafayette , Louisiana , theater shooter , used a handgun he legally purchased from an Alabama pawn shop , authorities said .
A liberal Democratic congressman who came under fire for a lewd photo that briefly appeared on his Twitter account over the weekend told CNN Wednesday that he did not post the image .
Iraqi troops , security forces and tanks surged into Baghdad on Sunday as political turmoil deepened over who should lead the country .
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may have changed course and turned back toward Kuala Lumpur , officials said at a news conference Sunday .
Donald Trump 's modeling agency has profited from the very same visa program that the presidential candidate himself has slammed - and appears to have violated federal laws in the process , a CNNMoney investigation has found .
Sudden seismic activity caused a `` mega-mudslide '' in the Bolivian capital of La Paz Sunday , the country 's state news agency reported .
Jimmy Carter no longer needs treatment for cancer
An AirAsia X flight to Malaysia from Perth , Australia , was forced to turn back Sunday after the Airbus A330-300 aircraft began shaking due to what the airline called a `` technical issue '' relared to the engine .
City official :	The four quarantined in the Dallas apartment where Thomas Eric Duncan stayed have been moved to a private home .
Top Donald Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani claimed Sunday that Democrats could steal a close election by having dead people vote in inner cities , while vice presidential candidate Mike Pence said the ticket will `` absolutely accept the result of the election . ''
The U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agency said Monday it arrested more than 2,000 people as part of a five-day sweep aimed at detaining fugitive immigrants associated with gangs and other criminal backgrounds .
( CNN )	-- Sen. John McCain , perhaps the Senate 's most outspoken voice in favor of military action in Syria , was caught playing poker Tuesday at the first congressional hearing about giving the president authority to use force in the war-torn country .	https :	//twitter .
( CNN ) --	A new survey indicates President Barack Obama moved up four points following the Democratic National Convention last week , and now has a six point advantage over his Republican challenger Mitt Romney .
Rescuers are calling off a search for two teenage boys swept out to sea in San Francisco , authorities said .
Democratic Gov .	Jim Justice of West Virginia announced his plans to change his political party affiliation and join the GOP at a rally in Huntington with President Donald Trump on Thursday night .
A satellite whose orbit is degrading is likely to crash back to Earth on Friday , and 26 pieces have a good chance of surviving the heat of re-entry , NASA said .
A deadly explosion on a bus carrying Israeli tourists in Bulgaria is `` clearly a terrorist attack , '' Israel 's defense minister said .
Toyota wants to help you rent your car on Getaround .
Australian researchers have discovered a new species of dolphin living right under their , uh , bottlenoses .	A population of 100 dolphins in Port Phillip Bay and 50 in the Gippsland Lakes on Australia 's southern coast have been proven to be genetically unique from dolphins anywhere else in the worl ...
A video showing a deadly encounter outside a convenience store in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , has sparked outrage .	Police officers pin down Alton Sterling , a 37-year-old black man , then one shoots him as he lies on the ground .
The murder conviction of the sole suspect in the brutal killings of three family members and their housekeeper closes a chapter on a case that shocked the Washington metro area more than three years ago .
A Virginia man is giving his wife the gift of life the day before their 20th wedding anniversary .
( CNN ) -- Hillary Clinton has brushed off the idea of a 2016 presidential run , but Sen. Dianne Feinstein isn ’ t listening .	The Democratic senator from California was not in shy in expressing her support Sunday for the outgoing secretary of state and a potential second White House bid by Clinton .
More than 200 dolphins spent a second day penned in a cove by Japanese fishermen , U.S. conservationists said Sunday , many of them stressed and bloodied .
President Donald Trump , in a series of late night tweets on Tuesday , both revisited his 2016 victory over Hillary Clinton and seemingly slammed the judgment of his own FBI director .
Police on Mackinac Island , Michigan , said Friday they are investigating allegations of a bar fight between top aides for Republican presidential contenders Rand Paul and Marco Rubio .
The Connecticut State Police Friday issued its final report on the investigation of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School .
Police investigating the deadliest terror attack to hit the UK in 12 years named the perpetrator Thursday as a 52-year-old British man , Khalid Masood .
Walt Disney World says it 's reviewing the placement and wording of signs after an alligator dragged a toddler underwater in a lagoon near the Grand Floridian resort .
President Donald Trump railed against Senate rules requiring 60 votes to overcome a filibuster in a series of tweets Saturday morning , just a day after the chamber dealt a devastating setback to the GOP effort to repeal and replace Obamacare .
After yet another round of negotiations , international diplomats will leave Austria without a deal on Iran 's nuclear program .
The GOP tax bill would repeal the alimony tax deduction , and that will have big implications for divorce proceedings .
Hackers have stolen information on tens of millions of Anthem Inc. customers , in a massive data breach that ranks among the largest in corporate history .
With a record $ 550 million Powerball jackpot up for grabs Wednesday , we figured it was a great time to , once again , dash your dreams .
A Richmond , Virginia , elementary school will switch its name from that of a Confederate general to the first black President .
Alprazolam , the prescription sedative more commonly known by its brand name , Xanax , is being implicated in a spiraling number of emergency room visits , according to a new report by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration .
( CNN ) --	Former Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain endorsed Newt Gingrich Saturday at an event in West Palm Beach , Florida .	`` I hereby officially and enthusiastically endorse Newt Gingrich for president of the United States , '' Cain said during a meeting of the Palm Beach County Republica ...
The U.S. appears to be increasingly confident that a terrorist bomb brought down the Russian passenger jet that broke apart over Egypt .
Six people , including three children , were killed when their plane crashed into mountains east of Phoenix on a Thanksgiving eve trip .
More than half the hospitals in the United States do not disclose surgical death rates .
The US military is looking to lease space in Trump Tower .
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 's first shot at his expected Democratic challenger , Rep. Beto O'Rourke : Mocking his name .
A police officer who claimed she killed a Dallas man in his own apartment in the mistaken belief that he was in her home was indicted Friday on a murder charge , authorities said .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Vice President Joe Biden met with Democratic Party delegates Tuesday afternoon , the latest move he 's made over the past few days that could be considered an early signal that the vice president may be laying the groundwork for a possible 2016 run for the White House .
Former first lady Michelle Obama said she would never run for political office because she `` would n't ask my children to do this again . ''
Basketball star Dennis Rodman Tuesday defended his controversial visit to North Korea with a team of former NBA players , saying it 's a `` great idea for the world . ''
Mark Mayfield , tea party leader tied to alleged dirty tricks that rattled Republicans in Mississippi and beyond , is dead -- shot once in the head in an apparent suicide .
Two U.S. citizens who were kidnapped from an oilfield supply ship off Nigeria 's coast last month have been released , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki confirmed Tuesday .
A political newcomer knocked off Lexington Mayor Jim Gray -- a prized Democratic recruit and major figure in Kentucky politics -- in a primary for a US House seat Tuesday .
After massive rallies in Oklahoma and Kentucky on Monday , teachers say they 'll keep pressuring state legislators on their demands .
In an emotional rally Saturday in Fort Lauderdale , politicians and Marjory Stoneman Douglas students called for a ban on weapons like the one used to kill 17 people at the Florida high school , and urged voters to kick out lawmakers who oppose the move or who take money from the National Rifle Association .
This story appears in the Dec. 10 , 2012 , issue of Sports Illustrated .	Buy the digital version of the magazine here .
BriGette McCoy described how she was raped on her first military assignment , two weeks before her 19th birthday .	She described how , later that year , she was raped by another soldier in her unit .
Judge Brett Kavanaugh 's friend Mark Judge is willing to cooperate with `` the FBI or any law enforcement agency , '' his lawyer said in a statement on Friday .
U.S. and South Korean officials have warned that North Korea could carry out a missile test at any point .
U.S. military officials say Syria has fired Iranian-made , short-range ballistic missiles in what appears to be an effort to more precisely target Syrian rebels .
A 68-year-old Idaho man has been charged with misdemeanor battery after police say he struck a teen who would not turn off his iPhone while the plane they were in was taxiing for takeoff .
Protests are expected Thursday in Canada at an event where former U.S. Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton are scheduled to appear .
House Speaker John Boehner said Army Sgt .	Bowe Bergdahl is `` innocent until proven guilty '' after the U.S. military charged him with desertion .
The Florida neighborhood watch volunteer at the heart of a firestorm over the Trayon Martin shooting gave his account of the incident .
Five women were sexually assaulted by mobs of men at Egypt 's inaugural festivities , an anti-violence group says
Hillary Clinton delivered her most forceful critique of President Donald Trump 's 2016 victory on Tuesday , taking personal responsibility for her failed campaign but also pointed to the timing of a letter from FBI Director James Comey and Russian interference as factors .
Tribal fighters took control of a top Yemeni city on Tuesday , a setback for an embattled government whose wounded president is hospitalized in Saudi Arabia .
Protests broke out Monday at a university in Tehran , Iran , where President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made a visit for an awards ceremony .	Members of the Islamic republic 's opposition movement chanted anti-government slogans aimed at Ahmadinejad 's hard-line regime outside Shahid Beheshti University in n ...
Michigan Gov .	Rick Snyder vowed to do everything in his power to solve the Flint water crisis , asking legislators for $ 28 million to fund immediate actions .
CNBC , the Republican National Committee and the GOP presidential campaigns have agreed to criteria for the October 28 primary debate in Boulder , Colorado .
The world has so much oil that 'trafic jams ' are forming off the U.S. Gulf Coast of oil tankers waiting to be offloaded .
President Obama promises accountability for veterans affairs problems but wo n't fire VA Secretary Eric Shinseki .
Taran Killam is set to play the GOP frontrunner Donald Trump on `` Saturday Night Live '' this TV season .	The show starts on October 3 .
Macy 's is planning to shut down 68 more stores , and cut more than 10,000 jobs .
IQ scores have been steadily falling for the past few decades , with changes in our environment and the way we are learning thought to be reasons why , a new study suggests .
A paradigm-changing North Korean missile test has left the United States and China split over how to deal with the aggressive rogue state .
Taiwan has outlawed the consumption of dog and cat meat , as the island 's legislature on Tuesday passed a landmark amendment to its animal protection laws .
Two 12-year-old girls allegedly inspired by Internet horror stories are accused of luring a girl into woods near Milwaukee and stabbing the victim 19 times .
Republican front-runner Donald Trump on Wednesday tried something new on Twitter : defending another presidential candidate .
When a city has 8 killings in two days , including the death of a 7-year-old boy , something is seriously wrong with the system , Chicago 's police chief said .
By Elise Labott President Barack Obama has signed a covert directive authorizing U.S. support for Syrian rebels battling President Bashar al-Assad 's forces , U.S. officials told CNN on Wednesday .
The suspect arrested in the killing of a woman after an apparent road rage incident knew his victim , the woman 's husband said Thursday .
The arrest of Debra Harrell for allegedly leaving her 9-year-old alone at a park has sparked debate about how young is too young to leave kids on their own
Another worker at a New York prison has been arrested and charged with promoting dangerous prison contraband , destroying evidence and official misconduct .
Congressional Republicans struggling over how to repeal Obamacare are stuck on a key problem : what to do with the millions of people in 31 states covered under the dramatic expansion of Medicaid the law enabled .
A New Mexico judge has ruled that terminally ill , mentally competent patients have the right to get a doctor to end their lives .
Apparently , `` Anonymous '' wo n't be accepting your friend request .
( CNN ) --	With bipartisan support , the House approved the fiscal cliff bill late Tuesday night after Republican leaders ultimately decided not to try and tack on an amendment to the Senate version of the legislation , which passed in the upper chamber around 2 a.m . ET Tuesday morning .
A US Navy sailor who was thought to have gone overboard seven days ago and was presumed dead has been found alive aboard the ship that reported him missing , the Navy announced Thursday .
It 's the dance sensation that 's sweeping above the nation -- at 30,000 feet .
Before she was accused of mailing classified information to a media outlet , Reality Winner was a Texas-raised linguist , yoga instructor and animal lover who regularly took to social media to blast President Donald Trump .
President-elect Donald Trump 's choice for secretary of state , Rex Tillerson , is facing resistance from a notable quarter -- Republican Sen. Marco Rubio .
The Super Bowl champion Philadelphia Eagles ' White House visit has been canceled due to the controversy over standing for the National Anthem at NFL games , President Donald Trump announced Monday .
As Starbucks prepares to close its stores later this month for mandatory racial-bias training , an incident in suburban Los Angeles is showing why that training is needed .
A couple driving home captured the moment when David Sweat was caught in New York .	Sweat escaped from the Clinton Correctional Facility more than three weeks ago .
The Centers for Disease Control said Monday that the number of people infected with meningitis related to steroid injections has gone from 91 to 105 .	The death toll has risen from seven to eight .
Former model and `` Baywatch '' star Pamela Anderson has hit out at the Australian Prime Minister for laughing off her plea to have detained WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange brought back to his home country .
A weekened traffic jam triggered by heavy snow in western Russia had traffic backed up as much as 125 miles between Moscow and St. Petersburg , state news says .
Human Rights Watch has accused Saudi Arabia of dropping U.S.-supplied cluster bombs in the fight against Houthi rebels in Yemen .
South African watersport	pro Chris Bertish has just nailed a world first : he 's crossed the Atlantic solo , unassisted and unsupported , on a stand-up paddle board .
Despite two intense days of searching , still no sign of a Malaysia Airlines flight that went missing .
Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced Tuesday that the U.S. military will send `` a specialized expeditionary targeting force '' aimed at conducting more raids in Iraq .
A second Florida police officer has died from wounds he suffered in a shooting Friday night .	Kissimmee police said .	Sgt .	Richard	`` Sam '' Howard died Saturday afternoon .
Boston Police Officer John Moynihan , who was honored at the White House as one of the nation 's `` Top Cops '' last year , was shot in the face Friday .
Homeless man helps wounded after Manchester terror attack
New Orleans mayor imposes dusk-to-dawn curfew More than 817,000 without power across 5 states Isaac 's maximum sustained winds slip to 60 mph Emergency crews rescue people stranded by floods Refresh this page for the latest updates or read the full CNN story here .	[ Updated 10:28 p.m .
When the Senate Armed Services Committee is gaveled into session Thursday , Chuck Hagel is likely to face some sharp questions from many of his old colleagues .
Tributes are being paid to Denis Ten , Kazakhstan 's Olympic medal-winning figure skater , who died Thursday at the age of 25 after being stabbed .
Five American service members were killed , with ISAF saying it may have been a case of 'friendly fire . '
Russia has opened a criminal case on an American band accused of desecrating the Russian flag , state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported Monday .
Former `` Bachelor '' contestant Gia Allemand died Wednesday , two days after an apparent suicide attempt , a statement released on behalf of her family said .
After neurosurgeons implanted a vagus nerve stimulator in his chest , a 35-year-old who has been in a vegetative state for 15 years showed signs of consciousness .